Java Software Engineer, :description The Software Engineer will evaluate software system needs, design, document, implement and maintain modules and resolve issues in a dynamic, rapidly growing software environment. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Learn the security space and all aspects of security devices/ software and methodology Develop, write, test and document computer programs based on system requirements and company needs with supervision. Analyze the accuracy of the software to ensure overall software is continually improved upon Analyze the accuracy of system response times, number of transactions per second, and number of programs being processed Recommend and make changes to improve overall system efficiency and reliability. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or equivalent Demonstrated proficiency in C, C++, Java or Perl Minimum of 1 years experience with relational database experience. Preferred experience with Oracle, SQL Plus, PL/SQL Experience in structured programming methodology Understanding of object-oriented programming methodology Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work well independently and productively with minimal supervision Ability to work well in a team environment, :location Omaha, NE, :employer Solutionary, :skills java, perl, c++, software engineer, sql
Software Engineer, :description Sittercity is looking for full-time Software Engineers to help support our growing product platform, supporting our current web and mobile applications. We are looking for Software Engineers who have experience working with distributed systems and service-orientated architectures. You’ll need to demonstrate: The ability to create and maintain web services An understanding of common HTTP authentication and authorization protocols Experience working with message queues The ability to interpret acceptance criteria and build to specification Solid ability to clearly communicate technical information to your team Experience with at least one modern programming language (Ruby / Python / PHP) We would also love you to have: Familiarity with Git and Github Experience working with LXC Containers or Docker Experience with compiled languages (Go Lang / Scala / C / Java) Experience with search systems (ElasticSearch / Solr / Lucene) Experience with relational databases and document stores Your main responsibility will be to work as part of the Sittercity Technology team implementing new product features and services for our customer facing applications on the web and mobile. About Sittercity Sittercity is the leading online child care solution, connecting families nationwide with babysitters and nannies who meet their unique needs. Our team is diverse, innovative, and energetic. And we’re growing quickly! If you love a good challenge and want to put your skills to work with a company that makes a difference in families’ lives, then Sittercity is the place for you. Why you should join us Working at Sittercity is a great adventure. We offer an innovative and supportive environment that rewards passionate and curious individuals. The Technology department provides a casual and fun environment to work in. Our recently renovated office provides a bright and energized space for collaboration as well as many quiet areas for concentration. We actively encourage a sharing environment were all members of staff have a chance to expand their horizons. All employees receive two conference days per year to spend at an event of their choice. Lunchtime talks provide all employees with an opportunity to present back to their team subjects of interest, covering a plethora of subject matter. Additionally, you will receive the following benefits: Work at home on every Friday Food and healthy snacks throughout the day Excellent coffee from some of Chicago’s finest roasters Ping pong, yoga, pilates and on-site fitness center Company events, social outings and volunteer opportunities Competitive personal time off allocation Great benefits package, including; Health, dental, vision, disability, life, 401(k) Sittercity is a Recipient of the 2014 Work-Life Seal of Distinction Award from the Alliance for Work-Life Progress. Sittercity is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce.  We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis as prohibited by federal, state or local law.  Sittercity participants in E-Verify and background checks all employees. , :location Chicago, IL, US, :employer Sittercity Incorporated, :skills scala, java, php, ruby, software engineer, python, rds
Enterprise Application Software Engineer - 35177764, :description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks. Responsibilities include but not limited to the following; Develop detailed designs and deliver highly scalable and optimized systems. Write efficient, easy to maintain software that are of high quality Maintain and enhance existing applications in response to business needs. Collaborate closely with members of other teams throughout the software release cycle Assist in resolving application support issues. Key Qualifications: •Minimum of 6 years in Enterprise application design and development of systems using Java/J2EE technology, Single-SignOn, SQL, XML in Linux/Unix environment. •Strong Computer Science fundamentals, software design and programing skills. •Direct experience with design/development of highly available, distributed and scalable applications. •Demonstrable experience in Java, J2EE, XML/JSON, OOD, related development tools and technologies. •Experience in configuration, tuning, deployment of Application / Web servers such as JBoss, Apache, Tomcat etc,. •Experience in source code management tools like SVN /CVS. •Experience in relational, no-SQL Databases, other form of Persistence mechanisms and distributed cache. •Must have experience with relational database models •Demonstrate innovative and creative thinking capabilities and also have sharp troubleshooting skills. •Experience in developing multi threaded programs is required •Sound knowledge in operating systems concepts is required Description: The Identity Management Services team at Apple is in search of a motivated Software Engineer who is self-driven and has a proven track record in design and development of complex, highly available and scalable systems. The candidate should have a passion for software engineering, be innovative and possess strong analytical and communication skills. This is a hands-on individual contributor role and requires leading the design and development of software systems to support existing and new features. Additional duties include architecting and developing systems that are very efficient, secure, highly available, highly scalable, distributed, supportable with good diagnostic and monitoring capabilities. Education: Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalient Additional Requirements: Experience in C/C++, PKI Service, SSL, application performance turning is a plus Hands-on experience in Oracle database performance turning, optimization is a plus Experience in Identity Management & Security is a big plus (authentication, authorization, provisioning, etc.). Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities., :location Cupertino, CA, :employer Apple Inc., :skills scala, js, xml, java, c++, software engineer, sql
Sr. Full Stack Software Engineer (JavaScript), :description Sr. Full Stack Software Engineer (JavaScript) Culver City, Los Angeles AssetAvenue is a venture backed Los Angeles based online marketplace that offers investors the access, tools and knowledge they need to invest with confidence in commercial real estate. Featured in Forbes and Entrepreneur, we are one of the fastest growing crowdfunding platforms that is revolutionizing the real estate industry. We looking for smart, creative, passionate people who thrive in an energetic start up setting, where suits and such are left at home and hot buffet lunches are the norm. If you are a bass-ass full stack engineer who has HTML5 and NodeJS skills- read on! Overview This high profile role reports directly to the V.P of Engineering and is responsible for the architecting, designing, planning and the implementation success of projects within the Software Engineering department. This role is for a full-stack reengineer that is equally adept at frontend (HTML5) and backend (NodeJS) engineering. You must have a B.S. degree; however, a Masters is preferred. Your education and experience must be in a technology related field and you must have 5+ years of design and development in highly available commercial SaaS systems. You must be entrepreneurial in your approach while being practical in your timeframes. You must be highly technical and project savvy while still understanding the business. You must have experience in leading technical and business initiatives, within startup companies, while still understanding the maturity of the organization. The ideal candidate will have a broad base of experience and understanding of the level of pace, quality and resource needs of a start-up company and use this understanding to be a vital part of mapping business strategies into the best and most appropriate solutions available; and, then, help manage these solutions into production. You will need to work with existing systems and re-architect them so that you are highly available with a better user experience. You must be a great at communicating your recommendations to the Executive team and must establish yourself as, not only a top-tier architect, but also as a strategist at the highest level. You will need the ability to not only help manage larger projects, but also have the skills and knowledge necessary help mature the company in architecture and design processes. You must be able to properly provide vision and motivate the team to successfully complete projects to the satisfaction of the customers. You must understand how to efficiently deploy and effectively utilize the team to complete the initiatives as specified. You will be creating partnerships at every level in the company and provide guidance and oversight to all. What do you need to work at Asset Avenue? General BS in Computer Science. Experience working with Agile and SCRUM Experience in creating and reviewing all design documentation Experience in management processes Experience in collaboration across geographically dispersed teams Leadership experience and managing task prioritization Experience working with Development and IS processes (request tickets, collaboration, release management, escalation, metric collection, logs analysis, dashboards) Great Integrity, Team Acumen, Work Ethic, Accountability, and Respectful of Asset Avenue’s team, clients and partners. Technologies ● Frontend: ○ Mandatory - Preprocessors: Jade, Stylus/SASS/SCSS/LESS, CoffeeScript ○ Mandatory - CSS3 - cross-browser positioning, efficient selectors, reflow vs repaint, transitions/animations. ○ Mandatory - HTML5 - familiar with Web Sockets, Local Storage, Session Storage. ○ Bonus - Web Components. ○ Bonus - JS - DOM traversal, event binding/delegation, ready states, constructors and lambdas. ○ Bonus - Libraries: Bootstrap/Foundation, Knockout/Ember/Angular, jQuery/Zepto ● Backend: ○ Mandatory - Node/Express, NginX ○ Mandatory - Deployment: Capistrano, Fabric, Dotcloud, AWS, CloudFlare ○ Mandatory - SQL: Mysql, RedShift / Postgres ○ Mandatory - NoSQL: Redis, Memcache, MongoDB, Neo4j ○ Bonus - Testing: TDD, Cucumber, Mocha, CircleCI/TravisCI/Jenkins/Hudson ○ Bonus - Search: CloudSearch, ElasticSearch, Lucene ● Misc: ○ Mandatory - GitHub: has released at least a few personal projects. ○ Bonus - popular/starred repos. ○ Bonus - Virtual Machines: Vagrant, Docker ○ Bonus - Linux: Bash/Shell scripting What else is beneficial for a new role at Asset Avenue? Previous Experience in working with enterprise level SaaS systems Previous Experience working with Startups Previous Experience establishing architectural and SDLC standards Previous Experience with InfoSec requirements As part of a team you will be responsible for? The architecture, methodology, standards and documentation for dev projects Change, Configuration and Release Processes Solving complex usability and design issues Solving complex business challenges with well thought through technical solutions Re-architecting previously deployed systems Capacity Planning Managing teams and projects Working with company executives, department managers, developers and operations team to define new applications Ad Hoc Duties as needed Competitive Salary and other office perks offered. For consideration please apply to http://assetavenue.catsone.com/careers/ Check out our most recent press in The Los Angeles Times and Forbes! http://www.latimes.com/business/realestate/la-fi-lew-20140803-story.html?track=rss&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+latimes%2Fclassified%2Frealestate+(L.A.+Times+-+Real+Estate+News) http://www.forbes.com/sites/realspin/2014/07/31/sec-crowdfunding-barriers-at-south-by-southwest/, :location Culver City, CA , :employer AssetAvenue, :skills agile, html5, scala, mysql, js, nosql, memcache, postgres, java, perl, s3, scrum, angular, javascript, software engineer, html, sql, jquery, rds
VP of Technology, :description At Emerald Media Group we are anything but ordinary. We’re looking for a very specific personality and skill set in our next Vice President of Technology — we’re looking for a unicorn. Our unicorn is a mythical creature, if you will. A magical mix of journalism, innovation, passion, and talent that — blended together — will offer our students the best teaching and leadership experience they can receive during their time at Emerald Media Group. At the Emerald, nothing is ever good enough. We’re creators, innovators, entrepreneurs and our own worst critic. Every facet of our organization is constantly being reinvented and challenges the conventional. We identify quickly what doesn’t work, and focus on finding out what does. We do things differently in an effort to “make college better.” Better for the people that work for us as well as those who interact with us. Failure motivates us. Problem solving energizes us. Experimentation fascinates us. Success drives us. When we’ve created something great, we move on and strive to create something better. We are looking for an experienced digital professional, with a passion for the practice of modern media and journalism techniques, interested in helping us improve our digital growth on both the business and editorial sides of our media group. If you have a devotion to digital innovation and excellence, a strong background in the industry, thrive in a fast paced environment and are as passionate about helping change the lives of the Emerald staff as we are about changing the lives of those around us, we want you. So, if you think you’re our next unicorn — please apply. Overview The Vice President of Technology will help make the Emerald the most innovative college media company in America. This person will work with students in the Emerald’s editorial and business divisions and its professional staff to develop digital products to serve the University of Oregon community. This is a salaried, full-time position that pays $40,000 to $60,000 with health and dental benefits. This person reports to the President. Specific duties Works with the Publisher and Editor in Chief to grow the Emerald’s relevance, readership and revenue in digital media Will work alongside students from all departments while teaching and collaborating on innovative projects, strategies and best practices within Emerald Media Group and its clients Responsible for managing the back end of all digital media products, including dailyemerald.com, DucksHousing.com, Emerald News iPhone apps, the email edition, digital advertising platforms and social media Manages the company’s information technology systems, including hardware, software and servers Assists and leads the development of new business ventures Ensures digital media products are consistent with the Emerald’s standards for professionalism, quality, branding and strategy Consults with clients as needed Performs other duties as assigned Preferred qualifications Three years experience in digital media, including: Website development Mobile app development Social media strategy & marketing Email marketing HTML & CSS JavaScript Ability to work alongside and mentor college students Strong problem solving and communication skills Ability to excel in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial workplace, :location Eugene Oregon, :employer Emerald Media Group, :skills java, javascript, html, rds
JavaScript Engineer, :description SHOPSTYLE is seeking a Software Engineer to join our Internal Tools Engineering team. You’ll be working with our Internal Tools team to build innovative products that improve workflow and productivity, as well as create innovative widgets and provide custom api support for our VIP partners. We are headquartered in downtown San Francisco and considered by WIRED magazine as one of the(http://www.wired.com/business/2012/10/best-san-francisco-tech-companies?pid=731#slideid-75357)10 San Francisco Tech Companies You Wish You Worked For. We’re looking for a primarily frontend JavaScript developer whose not afraid to get their hands dirty digging into all parts of our codebase. Our team spends most of their time solving problems in JavaScript, SASS, Java, Angular, and the Play! Framework.   About the Job • Design and implement features that multiply the productivity of the ShopStyle team. • Architect new products from the ground up in a collaborative environment • Contribute to weekly product releases, code reviews, with a small and dynamic engineering team • Learn about new technologies and share your findings with the team.   About You • Have experience developing complex applications • Enjoy working directly with the people who use your product • Have excellent written and verbal communication skills • Can be autonomous and self-driven • Help others around you grow as developers and be successful • Can create simple and clear solutions to complex problems  , :location San Francisco, CA, US, :employer POPSUGAR, :skills play, java, angular, javascript, software engineer
Chief Technology Officer, :description Roomorama is looking for a Ruby Technical Lead. We want to find an exceptional candidate who will be able to help us realize our current roadmap, and help drive future product developments. Why work for us? We’re a multi-national group of self-diagnosed travel addicts. We love exploring new places, nerf gun battles, and delicious food and coffee. We pride ourselves in cultivating an open, relaxed environment and enjoy flexible schedules. Oh, and we all know how to curse in Italian. On the technology side of things you'll get the chance to work on services catering to millions of visitors as part of a small team of talented developers. We're currently doing some really interesting stuff with Elasticsearch, Hadoop (EMR) and celluloid (just to name a few). If working on any of these or other cutting edge technologies sounds like the kind of challenge you are up for, you should definitely get in touch! We offer a competitive salary, stock options and relocation for the right candidate. Responsibilities Help shape the future of Roomorama by choosing and creating the technology that supports the roomorama.com marketplace. Organize and manage the development team. Lead the hiring process for technical hires. Manage product releases. Communicate with partners and manage the technical aspects of integrations and partnerships. Maintain the current Roomorama infrastructure, and evolve it as technology changes. Design and refine our development workflow and release schedules. Skills & Requirements You should be organized, driven, and always willing to learn new technologies and skills. Past experience working in a startup environment is of course considered a big plus. Making decisions that will shape the future of the product and the company should not scare you. Essential skills Extensive Ruby and Ruby on Rails skills. Advanced knowledge of MySQL. Past experience managing a team of developers and hiring new technical resources. Great HTML, CSS and Javascript/Coffeescript knowledge. Experience with test-driven development (RSpec). You must possess a strong, traditional belief in clean and beautiful code. No exceptions. Plusses AWS services (S3, CloudFront, Elasticache, RDS, CloudWatch, Route53). Experience with Chef and OpsWorks (our entire infrastructure runs on AWS and is managed with OpsWorks). Experience using Elasticsearch or Lucene. Background job processing with Sidekiq. Any experience with machine learning and recommendation algorithms. Analytics and tracking tools: Kissmetrics, segment.io, customer.io, Optimizely, Kibana, StatsD/Graphite, :location Singapore, :employer Roomorama, :skills mysql, ruby on rails, java, hadoop, s3, ruby, javascript, html, sql, rds
Senior Full Stack Developer (HTML5, CSS3, JS, Ruby), :description John McNeil Studio is a creative studio dedicated to making beautiful design, films, photos and interactive. We are a growing collection of strategists, writers, designers, filmmakers, technologists, musicians and photographers who help companies make the most of their communications. We work on everything from sophisticated web applications and stunning iPad apps to implementing responsive design across large corporate sites. We are a technology agnostic team that loves the open web. We're looking for a senior developer that can take a lead role solving complex problems on large and small projects – someone who loves to code, enjoys helping a team create great work, and can clearly communicate details with clients and others. It will be your job to work on a variety of projects, from implementing interactive front-ends to designing and building back-end solutions to leading a team of developers to create mobile apps and experiences. The ideal candidate will be well versed in the full web stack, and love good design. We're looking for someone with: 5+ years of development experience Experience designing and building back-end solutions using Ruby on Rails, PHP, or Node.js Practical understanding of HTML5 and CSS3 Experience building responsive websites from the ground up or with Bootstrap or Foundation Experience implementing designs in standards compliant HTML & CSS with thought given to accessibility and SEO. Experience with test driven development in JavaScript, RoR, or PHP Solid understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions Experience using JS Frameworks/Libraries (jQuery, Bootstrap.js, Backbone.js, Underscore.js) Passion for good design and usability on the web Ability to lead and mentor other programmers, and contribute to improved process and workflow Nice to have: Familiarity with AngularJS, PhoneGap, Objective-C. Experience working with cross-functional teams (design, editorial, video + image) preferred To be considered: Candidates must be able to work on-site at our Berkeley studio. Applicants should submit a cover letter and resume Please link to your Github account or direct us to code that shows a thoughtful solution to a problem. Only principals, no recruiters or agencies please., :location Berkeley, CA, :employer John McNeil Studio, :skills html5, js, objective-c, ruby on rails, java, php, s3, ruby, angular, javascript, html, jquery, rds
Software Engineer/Web Application Developer, :description Einstein Medical is seeking an accomplished Software Engineer/Web Application Developer to take active part in the design and development of new web applications and support of existing applications in a Linux/Apache environment. The ideal candidate must be experienced in new and emerging web development tools, programming and scripting languages such as Ruby, PHP, Perl and Javascript. In addition, one must have a strong knowledge of relational database design and optimization techniques for MySQL and PostgreSQL. Who We Are The leader in Internet Marketing Solutions for the medical, dental and legal fields. Innovative and dynamic; blazing trails in our industry. A positive and energetic environment in which to grow. Passionate about helping our clients succeed. Required Skills: Experience with Web Applications Development Ruby, PHP, Perl Proficiency in relational database design and optimization Proficiency in Javascript and CSS Experience using Git Intermediate knowledge of UNIX/Linux operating system Ability to collect and organize development requirements and specifications Strong communication skills Optional Qualifications: Bachelor or equivalent degree in Computer Science or Engineering Experience with mod_perl Experience with Ruby on Rails, Mojolicious, and other frameworks Experience with Apache 2.0+ and nginx This is a full-time position with benefits including vacation and holiday pay, medical benefits and 401k plan. Submit your resume to apply., :location San Diego, CA, :employer Einstein Medical, :skills mysql, postgres, ruby on rails, java, perl, php, ruby, javascript, software engineer, sql
iOS Developer, :description Shuddle is the first transportation service network that provides scheduled transportation for busy families. We are looking for well-rounded and dedicated developers to join the team. You'll work closely with the founding team to help us define our mobile applications. Requirements: Expert iOS developer. You are up to speed on the latest frameworks and design trends. You understand how to work with a RESTful API and have ideally built an API client library before. You have worked closely with other teams, especially server-side engineers and designers. Strong understanding of geolocation services and background services. Expert Knowledge of Object Oriented concepts. Self-starter, highly motivated, team-player. You have built and shipped an app from scratch. You have experience with Apple Approval & Distribution Process, Ad Hoc & Enterprise Distribution. Bonus: Understanding of WebRTC data channels and video. Bonus: You can also develop for Android. We offer a competitive salary, health benefits, and a fun working environment in downtown San Francisco., :location San Francisco, :employer Shuddle, :skills play
Senior Software Developer, :description Overview Who you are: Do you live, eat, and breathe programming? Are you someone who sees code in their dreams? Would you consider yourself a developer’s developer? Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a razor sharp engineer to help transform how IT pros get their work done. If you’re a software fanatic who tirelessly fine-tunes their craft and seeks to improve your ideas based on what end-users really want and need – it’s time to apply! Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! Responsibilities Your day-to-day (as a Stellar Software Developer, you’ll): Contribute to the design and development of product features Help drive the innovation and evolution of Spiceworks as a developer platform Work directly with our growing community of over 5 million IT pros as well as experienced developers who are experts in the industry Work on every level of the stack – frontend to backend, and everything in between Qualifications What does it take to do this job? 10+ years of experience Expert level object-oriented programming skills with Ruby (Python or equivalent) Expert level Application and/or Web Application experience is a must Solving large-application/user-level problems, performance, scalability, etc. Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ruby-On-Rails (Django or equivalent) Experience with REST APIs is a plus Skilled with distributed software (native or webapp) is a plus Experience with SQL is desired BS or BA in math, engineering, computer science or related field preferred, :location Austin, TX, :employer Spiceworks, :skills scala, django, java, software developer, ruby, rest api, javascript, html, python, sql
Software Developer, :description Overview Who you are: Do you live, eat, and breathe programming? Are you someone who sees code in their sleep and won’t be happy until you find that perfect UI? Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a razor sharp developer to help transform how IT pros get their work done. If you’re a software fanatic who tirelessly fine-tunes their craft and seeks to improve your ideas based on what end-users really want and need – it’s time to apply now! Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! What you’ll do: As a killer Spiceworks developer, you’ll help take our platform to the next level. An endless source of new ideas, you’ll have the opportunity to turn those awesome visions into realities. You’ll have a direct, practical impact in the IT trenches and you won’t just code on auto-pilot, you’ll who think about usability every step of the way. You’ll also tap into our user base, interact with them directly, and get real-world feedback and insights to make ideas and features as relevant and useful as possible. Responsibilities Responsibilities: What will I do? Contribute to the design and development of product features as well as major components Contribute to the innovation and evolution of the Spiceworks suite products Work directly with our growing community of over 2 Million IT pros as well as experienced developers who are experts in the industry Work on several different aspects - frontend to backend, and everything in between Qualifications Qualifications: What does it take to do this job? Looking for 2-10 years of experience BS or BA in Math, Engineering, Computer Science or related field preferred Object-oriented programming skills with Ruby-on-Rails (Python or equivalent) Application and/or Web Application experience is a must Familiarity with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Ruby-On-Rails Solving large-application/user-level problems, performance, scalability, etc. Skilled with distributed software (native or webapp) is a plus Some experience with SQL is desired, :location Chicago, IL, :employer Spiceworks, :skills scala, java, ruby, javascript, html, python, sql
User Interface Developer, :description Who you are: Are you an ambitious UI developer with a passion for solving hard problems? Can you see a digital deliverable through from mockup to implementation? Do you relish the challenge of scaling a large social site or love finding ways to blur the line between traditional desktop apps and the web? Then Spiceworks just might have a position for you! We’re looking for a top-notch UI Application Developer to help contribute to the next phase in the Spiceworks’ suite of products. Who we are: Spiceworks, an 8 year-old Austin-based startup, is transforming how tech products (hardware, software and IT services) are marketed and sold to over 5 million SMB IT pros around the world. Over 2,000 new users join Spiceworks for free each day. How do we keep IT free? Over 3,000 tech brands (including Microsoft, Dell, HP and Rackspace) advertise in Spiceworks to reach these IT pros. Since SMB IT pros have historically been a tough market to reach, vendors love the unique ways Spiceworks helps them reach this elusive market… so much so that Forbes touted us “the future of media”! Responsibilities Your day-to-day (as a top notch UI Developer, you’ll): Focus on design and development of large, new product features Working with UX Designers to design end user workflows Contribute to the innovation and evolution of Spiceworks as a developer platform Promote design consistency and other UI standards across our products (working closely with other members of the UI team). Work directly with our growing community of over 5 million IT pros Join an exciting new team with tons of room for growth Qualifications What does it take to do this job? Application and/or web application development experience a must Expertise in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript/jQuery Object Oriented programming skills -- Ruby is a plus Experience with Rails, or any MVC web application framework Familiarity with Backbone.js or other client-side framework Familiarity with responsive design Familiarity with design apps (Illustrator, Photoshop) is a plus BS or BA in Math, Engineering, Computer Science or related field preferred Looking for all levels, :location Austin, TX, :employer Spiceworks, :skills js, java, ruby, javascript, html, jquery, rds
Senior Full-Stack Engineer - Ruby on Rails (Technical Lead), :description We are looking for Senior Rails Full-Stack Engineer (m/f, full-time) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while we are shaping the future of learning. You are a creative, innovative problem-solver with the vision to change the future of learning. You are an experienced full-stack software engineer with a passion for frontend who loves to work with ambitious colleagues in a challenging environment. Your mission will be to build ground-breaking products on world-class technologies that bring the Babbel learning experience to the next level and to millions of people anytime, anywhere. As the Technical Lead for one of our Ruby on Rails teams with focus on user experience you will work in a cross-functional Scrum team together with designers and engineers to enable the team to deliver high quality, innovative products and features in a short sprint cycle Responsibilities: lead the team to technical excellence (together with our frontend architecture lead) have the complete technical overview of the technical solution and remind team of long term architecture vision facilitate standards and quality within the team, reduce technical debt be part of the team (write signficant amount of code - not own the code alone, but ensure collective code ownership) coach and challenge the team as well as team members in developing technical & personal skills conduct regular objectives & feedbacks, assist in hiring and ensure onboarding of new employees work closely with the ScrumMaster to improve Scrum adoption and agile processes in the team work closely together with product owners and stakeholders to assure technical feasibility and identify risks at an early stage Requirements: 5 years+ experience in delivering stunning front-end products Solid understanding of lean and agile practices, in particular SCRUM Software engineering practices: TDD, unit/functional automated testing, CI, CD, software design and architecture Outstanding software development talent proven by great work results/experience, hobby projects or open source contribution Passion for building great products and user-interfaces Open minded, outgoing, self-confident and positive personality Can do attitude, great team player Fluent in english Excellent understanding of the whole web technology stack (Ruby/Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS) Knowlege about cross-plattform responsive design Skill in writing scalable and multi platform frontend code Knowledge about Frontend Performance Optimization Knowledge about frontend libraries like jQuery, YUI, prototype and also JS coding without libraries Basic knowledge of node.js, Python, etc. Benefits: The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Cutting-edge tools & technologies Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills agile, scala, js, play, ruby on rails, java, ruby, scrum, javascript, software engineer, html, python, sql, jquery, rds
Frontend Software Engineer (Content Authoring Tools), :description We are looking for a full-time Frontend Engineer (Content Authoring Tools) (m/f, full-time) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7,000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while we are shaping the future of learning. You are a creative, innovative problem-solver with the vision to make things work. You are a motivated software engineer with a passion for frontend who loves to work with ambitious colleagues in a challenging environment. Your mission will be to significantly enhance the content authoring capabilities of our teams - as well as implement completely new features - while taking existing content to the next step. As an Frontend Engineer for our internal tools you will work together with a product owner, backend engineers and the Didactics team to enable the team to deliver high-quality, optimised products and features. Responsibilities: Work as part of an agile team to deliver internal tools for our products in a fast paced environment Experiment with new frontend development technologies to build a streamlined content production pipeline Use a test, learn and adapt approach to work with stakeholders to build optimal editor experience Continuesly analyse and re-build tools to optimally support the on-site and off-site content production process Work closely together with product owners, designers and the didactics team to develop the best editor experience Requirements: 5+ years experience in software development Very good knowledge in Javascript development, at least 3+ years experience Good knowledge of Git, HTML, CSS, REST, REGEX, Lint, MVC, TDD, unit/ functional automatic testing OPTIONAL: Experience with Ruby, databases, Regex, Lint is a plus Software development talent proven by great work results/experience, hobby projects or open source contribution Passion for building scalable distributed solutions and services using proven software design techniques Can do attitude, great team player OPTIONAL: understanding of lean and agile practices, in particular Scrum and Kanban Benefits: Tackle tricky and rewarding problems with a cloud-based setup and latest cutting-edge technologies The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.) Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine Gmbh, :skills agile, scala, play, java, ruby, scrum, javascript, software engineer, html
Senior Backend Engineer (Architecture & Maintenance), :description We are looking for a full-time Backend Engineer (Ruby on Rails) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while we are shaping the future of learning. Our flexible cloud-based backend infrastructure consists of multiple high-performance rails services serving more than 20.000 requests per minute to users worldwide via different clients (Android, iOS, Web). You are an experienced backend developer that loves to solve challenging technical problems working together with ambitious collegues in a fast-paced environment. Your mission will be to shape the architecture of our platform and to enhance its capabilities while keeping a close focus on maintainability and performance and to work actively on reducing technical debt - partly by influencing teams but also taking over larger architecture implementation tasks as well as refactorings yourself. In this respect, you will work directly with our lead architect in the architecture team as well as in cross-functional scrum teams to achieve these goals. Responsibilities: Help to drive the technical architecture evolution with our lead architect (influence teams, but also code hands-on yourself) Envision and architect new future proof services for our new learning platform Maintain and evolve existing services - including refactoring and reduction of technical debt Identify and implement innovative solutions and ensure long-term stability and maintainability of our code base Ensure code quality and participate in code reviews Requirements: 5+ years experience in software development Very good knowledge in Ruby on Rails development, at least 3+ years experience Proven experience in at least one other server-side framework (e.g. using node.js, Erlang) Proven experience in at least one client-side framework (single-page web application framework, e.g. AngularJS or ember.js; or mobile development for iOS or Android) Software development talent proven by great work results/experience, hobby projects or open source contribution Passion for building scalable distributed architectures and services using proven software design techniques Can do attitude, great team player Experience in using cloud services, ideally AWS Experience with migration of data to NoSQL databases Experience in architecting solutions and agreeing them with stakeholders as well as driving architectural decisions Experience in refactoring and methodologies of managing and driving down technical debt Experience in testing frameworks and automated regression tests OPTIONAL: understanding of lean and agile practices, in particular Scrum and Kanban Benefits: Tackle high volume, scaleable problems with a cloud-based setup and latest cutting-edge technologies The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.) Check out our jobs page, our blog, and our techblog to get an impression of how we work at Babbel ! Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills agile, erlang, scala, js, play, nosql, ruby on rails, ruby, scrum, angular, sql
DevOps Engineer, :description We are looking for a DevOps Engineer (f/m, full-time) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while shaping the future of learning. Our flexible cloud-based infrastructure is serving more than 20.000 requests per minute to users worldwide via different clients (Android, iOS, Web) while expanding on a global scale. As a DevOps Engineer you will be a part of our engineering team responsible for continuous integration, continuous deployment and management of our virtualized infrastructure based upon Amazon Web Services (AWS). Responsibilities: Design, deployment and maintenance of our AWS infrastructure using Chef/OpsWorks Support and implementation of our continuous integration and deployment infrastructure Direct involvement in the development process of all our backend and frontend applications Supporting developers and management during project and business decisions regarding new and ongoing projects Requirements: Broad knowledge and understanding of Linux: Virtually any and all of our web applications are running on Ubuntu Linux. It’s a vast and complicated architecture and you should be familiar with setups at the magnitude of 150+ instances. You’re a zealot when it comes to Amazon’s Web Services: Amazon is our exclusive provider of computing resources. You must be intrinsically familiar with their services, especially OpsWorks, EC2/EBS, RDS, S3, VPC and CloudWatch (Redshift/MapReduce/Route53/SQS are a plus) You eat Chef and Ruby for breakfast: We are a Ruby/Rails driven company and we also use Chef exclusively for instance management. We love them, and so should you! Attention to detail and an analytical working style: You’re not satisfied when something just doesn’t work. You want to get to the bottom of it. Period. English is a must: You’ll be working with people from all around the world. Interacting with and understanding each other is paramount. Open-minded, easy-going and respectful attitude towards all kinds of (unusual) requests: You are part of a broader team, with people coming from different countries, backgrounds, experience levels and preferences. We demand a high level of professionalism and focus while not neglecting and appreciating a culture of tolerance and understanding. You love open source as much as we do: Our company is built on it, we really enjoy working with it and so should you! Benefits: Tackle high volume, scaleable problems with a cloud-based setup and latest cutting-edge technologies The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.) Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills ec2, s3, ruby, rds
Lead Frontend Developer, :description With a catalogue of more than 60,000 high-quality articles of furniture and designer products, Home24 is the largest online store for furniture in Germany. Home24 operates in Berlin as a subsidiary of Home24 GmbH. Home24 GmbH is a part of Rocket Internet GmbH, one of the leading German internet companies responsible for numerous successful online shops and start-ups in Germany, Europe and around the world. Employing over 15,000 employees, the Rocket Internet Group includes companies like Zalando; the biggest online shoe-retailer in Europe and eDarling; a leading online dating website. Lead Frontend Developer (f/m) Are you interested in building software used by hundreds of colleagues or building software for hundreds of thousands customers? Do you like writing fast, high quality code at a rapid pace? Home24 is seeking for Lead Frontend Developers who are passionate of writing great software for web applications. This position is full-time and based in our great office in Berlin. Responsibilities You will manage the frontend development-team composed of shop frontend and inhouse tools Work with product managers to implement the next generation of Home24 e-commerce features Build efficient and reusable frontend-end software Identify and address performance issues Team code quality and team coaching Participate in design and code reviews Identify and prototype best practices for front-end engineering Requirements Expert knowledge of JavaScript and web technologies (HTML5/CSS3); 5+ years of experience in building web applications Excellent communication and teamwork skills to converse appropriately with colleagues in order to identify optimal solutions Ability to write high-performance, reusable code for UI Practical knowledge and experience in jQuery or Prototype and CSS Frameworks (YAML, bootstrap, etc.) Knowledge of JavaScript Frameworks (ExtJS, MooTools, Dojo, AngularJS, etc.) Mobile / responsive design knowledge is a plus BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, also natural sciences possible What we offer you High-end computers (tower/laptop) with SSD hard disk, 16G of memory and 4х Xeon 3,X Ghz + 2x 24 inch screens Skill-dependent, negotiable salary – don’t hesitate to approach us Highly professional colleagues Benefits as employee discount, team events, free fruit, drinks and more If you are interested in being a part of an exciting success story, we look forward to hearing from you. Please send us a copy of your resume and relevant credentials (including a copy of your diploma, if available), as well as your expected salary and earliest possible start date. Please apply through this page: http://grnh.se/j4rlb1 Home24 GmbH | Greifswalder Straße 212-213 | 10405 Berlin | Contact: Caroline Wange, :location Berlin/Germany, :employer Home24 GmbH, :skills html5, js, java, s3, angular, javascript, html, jquery
Lead PHP Backend Developer, :description With a catalogue of more than 60,000 high-quality articles of furniture and designer products, Home24 is the largest online store for furniture in Germany. Home24 operates in Berlin as a subsidiary of Home24 GmbH. Home24 GmbH is a part of Rocket Internet GmbH, one of the leading German internet companies responsible for numerous successful online shops and start-ups in Germany, Europe and around the world. Employing over 15,000 employees, the Rocket Internet Group includes companies like Zalando; the biggest online shoe-retailer in Europe and eDarling; a leading online dating website. Lead Backend Developer (f/m) Are you interested in building software used by hundreds of colleagues or building software for hundreds of thousands customers? Do you like writing fast, high quality code at a rapid pace? Home24 is seeking for Lead Backend Developers who are passionate of writing great software for web applications. This position is full-time and based in our great office in Berlin. Responsibilities You will manage a backend development-team of 4-5 developers in an agile environment Work with product managers to implement the next generation of Home24 e-commerce features Build efficient and reusable PHP-software Identify and address performance issues Participate in design and code reviews Identify and prototype best practices for backend engineering Requirements Expert knowledge of PHP5/OOP, MySQL-databases and datamodelling Knowledge about webservices (REST/SOAP) Experience with Zend-Framework is a plus Experience with Java and Solr is a plus Ability to write high-performance and reusable PHP code-modules Passion for performance debugging and benchmarking 3+ years of experience building web applications BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, also natural sciences possible What we offer you High-end computers (tower/laptop) with SSD hard disk, 16G of memory and 4х Xeon 3,X Ghz + 2x 24 inch screens Skill-dependent, negotiable salary – don’t hesitate to approach us Highly professional colleagues Benefits as employee discount, team events, free fruit, drinks and more If you are interested in being a part of an exciting success story, we look forward to hearing from you. Please send us a copy of your resume and relevant credentials (including a copy of your diploma, if available), as well as your expected salary and earliest possible start date. Please apply through this page: http://grnh.se/n6jab4 Home24 GmbH | Greifswalder Straße 212-213 | 10405 Berlin | Contact: Caroline Wange, :location Berlin/Germany, :employer Home24 GmbH, :skills agile, mysql, java, php, sql
Senior Frontend Engineer, :description We are looking for a full-time Senior Frontend Engineer to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel is growing fast while we are shaping the future of learning. You are a Frontend developer that loves to solve challenging technical problems and create stunning user experience. Your mission will be to significantly enhance the Frontend architecture - as well as implement completely new services - while improving performance and maintaining stability. You will collaborate with smart people in a fast-paced environment to shape new Babbel features from first drafts and prototypes to release and maintenance. Responsibilities: Work in a cross-functional, agile team closely together with designers and product owners to deliver the next release of Babbel Envision, architect and implement new projects and features and deliver them into production Identify and implement innovative Frontend solutions and ensure long-term stability and maintainability of our code base Ensure code quality and participate in code reviews Ensure browser support and compatibility across devices Take ownership of features, work with the team and stakeholders to implement great functionality and stunning user experience Work closely together with other engineering teams (backend, mobile, devops) to ensure seamless user experience and efficient overall architecture Requirements: 4+ years experience with building and maintaining high-traffic web applications 2+ years experience with building Frontend driven software architectures using JavaScript 2+ years experience with the full Ruby on Rails application stack Experience with JavaScript design patterns and best practices Experience with implementing user interfaces that work across device capabilities and screen sizes Experience with design and consumption of REST-based APIs Passion about Web Standards Experience with unit testing Frontend applications (Qunit, Mocha, Jasmine etc) Ability to tackle Frontend performance issues Software development talent proven by great work results/experience, hobby projects or open source contributions OPTIONAL Experience with building multi-language web applications OPTIONAL Experience with database backends (SQL/noSQL) OPTIONAL Eye for design and usability details Benefits: Tackle high volume, scaleable problems with cutting-edge technologies The potential to change how millions of users worldwide learn languages Responsibility from day one the support to grow professionally and personally Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags Why work at Babbel? A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.), :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills agile, nosql, ruby on rails, java, ruby, javascript, sql, rds
Senior Backend Engineer (Feature Development), :description We are looking for a full-time Backend Engineer (Ruby on Rails) to start immediately in our office in Berlin-Kreuzberg, Germany. With millions of regular users and more than 7000 hours of premium content, Babbel.com is growing fast while we are shaping the future of learning. Our flexible cloud-based backend infrastructure consists of multiple high-performance rails services serving more than 20.000 requests per minute to users worldwide via different clients (Android, iOS, Web). You are an experienced backend developer that loves to solve challenging technical problems working together with ambitious collegues in a fast-paced environment. Your mission will be to significantly enhance the backend capabilities - as well as implement completely new services - while improving performance and mainting stability. Responsibilities Work in a cross-functional, agile team closely together with designers and product owners to deliver the services for our learning system Envision, architect and implement new projects and features and deliver them into production Identify and implement innovative solutions and ensure long-term stability and maintainability of our code base Ensure code quality and participate in code reviews Optimize our backend services with regards to performance and stability Requirements: 5+ years experience in software development Very good knowledge in Ruby on Rails development, at least 3+ years experience Good knowledge in Web technologies (HTML, CSS, Javascript) Software development talent proven by great work results/experience, hobby projects or open source contribution Passion for building scalable distributed architectures and services using proven software design techniques Can do attitude, great team player OPTIONAL: Experience with NoSQL databases is a plus OPTIONAL: understanding of lean and agile practices, in particular Scrum and Kanban Benefits: Tackle high volume, scaleable problems with a cloud-based setup and latest cutting-edge technologies The potential to change the way of learning for millions of users worldwide Responsibility from day one and professional and personal growth Potential within a fast growing team Participate in hackdays, open-source contributions, technology brown-bags A lively startup atmosphere with friendly working hours Long-term prospects A vibrant international team from over 20 different nationalities Excellent working conditions with a location in the heart of the Berlin scene Great company benefits (High-End company bike, fresh fruits & drinks, Hackathons etc.) Check out our jobs page (http://jobs.babbel.com/en/), our blog (http://blog.babbel.com/en/), and our techblog (http://bytes.babbel.com) to get an impression of how we work at Babbel!, :location Berlin, :employer Lesson Nine GmbH, :skills agile, scala, play, nosql, ruby on rails, java, ruby, scrum, javascript, html, sql, rds
Senior PHP Backend Developer, :description With a catalogue of more than 60,000 high-quality articles of furniture and designer products, Home24 is the largest online store for furniture in Germany. Home24 operates in Berlin as a subsidiary of Home24 GmbH. Home24 GmbH is a part of Rocket Internet GmbH, one of the leading German internet companies responsible for numerous successful online shops and start-ups in Germany, Europe and around the world. Employing over 15,000 employees, the Rocket Internet Group includes companies like Zalando; the biggest online shoe-retailer in Europe and eDarling; a leading online dating website. Senior Backend Developer (f/m) Are you interested in building software used by hundreds of colleagues or building software for hundreds of thousands customers? Do you like writing fast, high quality code at a rapid pace? Home24 is seeking for Senior PHP - Backend Developers who are passionate of writing great software for web applications. This position is full-time and based in our great office in Berlin. Responsibilities Work with product managers to implement the next generation of Home24 e-commerce features Build efficient and reusable PHP-software Identify and address performance issues Participate in design and code reviews Identify and prototype best practices for backend engineering Requirements Expert knowledge of PHP5/OOP, MySQL-databases and datamodelling Knowledge about webservices (REST/SOAP) Experience with Zend-Framework is a plus Experience with Java and Solr is a plus Ability to write high-performance and reusable PHP code-modules Passion for performance debugging and benchmarking 3+ years of experience building web applications BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, also natural sciences possible What we offer you High-end computers (tower/laptop) with SSD hard disk, 16G of memory and 4х Xeon 3,X Ghz + 2x 24 inch screens Skill-dependent, negotiable salary – don’t hesitate to approach us Highly professional colleagues Benefits as employee discount, team events, free fruit, drinks and more If you are interested in being a part of an exciting success story, we look forward to hearing from you. Please send us a copy of your resume and relevant credentials (including a copy of your diploma, if available), as well as your expected salary and earliest possible start date. Please apply through this page: http://grnh.se/a2ewmd Home24 GmbH | Greifswalder Straße 212-213 | 10405 Berlin | Contact: Caroline Wange, :location Berlin/Germany, :employer Home24 GmbH, :skills mysql, java, php, sql
 VP of Engineering, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Vice President of Engineering who will lead, grow and oversee a technology organization of 80+. This includes responsibility for keeping Wikimedia's sites and services running responsively, and inspiring transformative changes that benefit readers, contributors and developers. This role is a unique opportunity for an experienced technology leader to achieve positive social impact on a global scale through open source technology. Description About the Wikimedia Foundation Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That's our commitment. – Wikimedia Foundation Vision Statement The Wikimedia Foundation is the non-profit organization that operates Wikipedia, the fifth most popular web property world-wide serving more than 500 million readers every month. It is the only non-profit in the top 50, supported by a community of millions of individual donors. Information in Wikipedia and other Wikimedia projects is developed by a global community of deeply passionate volunteers working in more than 280 languages. It is freely available to anyone, for any purpose, in perpetuity. The same is true for the open-source technology that enables the community to do its work. The core mandate of the Wikimedia Foundation staff of less than 200 is to continually improve our technology and user experience, to make new forms of collaboration possible (e.g. mobile, structured data, video ..), to attract new volunteers, and to support the continued expansion of our free knowledge offerings. In addition, the Wikimedia Foundation gives grants to individual volunteers, affiliates and partners to support Wikimedia's mission globally. Position Overview The Vice President of Engineering (VPE) will lead, grow and oversee a technology organization of 80+. This includes responsibility for keeping Wikimedia's sites and services running responsively, and inspiring transformative changes that benefit readers, contributors and developers. The VPE will be committed to empowering teams and enabling continuous improvement along all dimensions that make engineering organizations successful: the infrastructure changes needed to support continuous delivery, effective processes and tools for self-organizing teams, continued attention to team dynamics and chemistry, efficient and inventive hiring processes, recognition and celebration of accomplishments, and – more specific to our case – support of a global, open-source community of volunteers. The VPE will work with a rock-solid, creative, independent-minded and mission-driven engineering team that is partially distributed around the world. He/she will also oversee engineering community management and developer outreach in order to engage the global community of volunteer and third-party developers that contribute to the core platform, extensions, operations, JavaScript gadgets, templates, bots, tools and apps. The VPE will collaborate on technology vision and will be a key participant in the development of the product and technology roadmap. He/she will be responsible for fostering organizational and personal excellence to achieve precise, rapid and quality execution of engineering, product development and operations. The VPE will be a key member of the executive leadership team and will be expected to be an empowering, accessible and collaborative leader. The ideal candidate is a proven leader and a passionate technology executive, who is well known for disciplined execution at scale, inspiring and fair leadership of large, dispersed teams and quality strategic thinking on both technology and business/organizational questions. He/she will feel deeply inspired by Wikimedia's mission to bring free knowledge to every person on the planet, and by the opportunity to do so through the development of open-source technology that augments humanity's ability to solve complex problems. This position will be created as the result of organizing the current Engineering/Product group into two departments. Position Responsibilities Key responsibilities include: Leadership: Lead and grow complex technology infrastructure and high performance cross-functional technology team of 100+ in development, operations, architecture, and (in partnership with VP Product) product dev, user experience, analytics, etc. Lead, communicate and partner exceptionally well across product, legal, grant-making, and all other stakeholders. Organizational: Design and implement world-class organizational structure that supports self-organization, transparent communication and effective development of technology initiatives. Inspire teams to excel and grow. Ensure rigorous but lightweight delivery processes – implementing and customizing best practices in development, continuous integration/deployment, technical operations, architectural reviews, QA , etc. Execution: Foster execution of new development, deliver technology infrastructure build-outs, and continually improve performance of products and platform, including key applications at scale. Ensure complex multi-team projects are executed seamlessly across teams. Instill culture of execution that rewards personal responsibility, quality, efficiency, precision and innovation. Mobilize leadership team to respond to urgent situations, fire drills, etc. Vision/ Technology Strategy: Take ownership in setting vision and strategy for technology and operations, which supports and furthers the Wikimedia mission. Managing Growth: Manage expansion and growth, including anticipated continued growth in Wikimedia's global site traffic and content contributions. Anticipate growth challenges in communications and planning. People Management: Develop, train, inspire, coach and empower the technology leadership team in multiple locations. Position Requirements The ideal candidate must have at least 10 years experience, 5 of which are leading an engineering organization or department with multiple inter-dependent teams. Must be able to work in a fast-paced company, work effectively with diverse stakeholders, and be capable of instilling transformational best practices, execution rigor and a culture of innovation and collaboration. Leadership: Proven success overseeing large, complex technology infrastructures and high performance cross-functional engineering teams. (ideally, 50+ in development, operations, architecture, tech strategy, product dev, technical support, etc.). Demonstrated leader and exceptional communicator and partner. Ability to develop strong relationships and build strong teams through mutual respect, personal responsibility and self-organization. Execution: Proven track-record of success managing execution and delivery in leading- edge technology settings. Ability to drive large scale development and launch world class products. Managing Growth: Must show evidence of success building and running complex technology infrastructures (ideally in the context of a high traffic website serving millions of users) and world-class technology organizations. Organizational: Must have a proven track-record of designing, building and scaling large, high performing technology organizations. Demonstrated organizational skills in managing large teams building complex projects across different regions. Proven effectiveness at recruiting, assessing, mentoring and growing leadership talent and creating effective functional reporting structures. Effective at setting engineering priorities, intelligently deploying scarce resources; framing resource decisions; managing budgets and creating successful environments for maximum productivity. Technical Credibility: Must have a record of accomplishment in technology innovation and managing technology integration. Must have proven expertise in open source plus solid track record managing complex large scale website application architectures, including the application layer, caching layers, storage, network infrastructure, monitoring systems, etc. Must have experience implementing agile development, continuous integration and continuous delivery. Communications: Proven ability to build trust and create robust communication channels and communicate effectively with a diverse group of engineers/ technology staff; cross-functional product teams, and executive team members. Domain: The role requires open source expertise. This ideally should include experience delivering open-source software in prior roles, but at minimum, needs to include experience adapting, developing and improving open-source software as part of a larger software stack. Candidate Characteristics Bright, quick, structured thinker. Self-starter with experience scaling and guiding engineering organizations through structural evolution. Strong interpersonal and natural leadership skills, including the ability to establish a rapport and trust. Important attributes: positive attitude, diplomatic, driven, humble, honest, direct, take-charge, good listener with a good sense of humor. Highly accountable: takes ownership. A quick study with excellent written and verbal communications and professional presentation skills and demeanor. Excels at solving complex problems and garnering support from others to do so. An outstanding work ethic, high-integrity, team player attitude. Very comfortable working in a cross-cultural, international context. International life/work experience is a major plus. Lifelong learner. Educational Requirements B.S., equivalent or higher degree in computer science, math, or related field; hands-on software engineering experience strongly preferred., :location San Francisco, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills agile, play, java, javascript, software engineer, rds
Experienced Security People (SF), :description iSEC Partners is hiring experienced security folk in San Franicsco! The role is diverse and challenging, with opportunities to work in all areas of security assessment, including: Web app pen testing, network pen testing, mobile app security, fuzzing, source code review, physical security breaches, APT-simulation, forensic analysis, IDS/IPS evasion, social engineering, red-teaming, security training, writing security tools/software, client sponsored research and more… You will be faced with complex problem solving opportunities and hands-on practical testing on a daily basis. If you'd like to work for our office in San Francisco, we'd like to hear from you. Are we looking for you? Our consultants are highly skilled, multi-disciplinary and exceptionally motivated individuals - but what does that really mean? We want technology-hungry people with a passion for security - that's right, passion! If you're looking for a nine-to-five job, this isn't for you. That isn't because we ask you to work the night shift; it's because you'll want to work late trying to solve a problem or learning how best to attack a system. If that sounds like you, then this job is perfect for you! We are often asked by candidates 'what kind of work will I be doing?' Clearly there is no hard and fast rule here, but we can give you some examples of what we expect: * All of our consultants know how to deliver a web app. security assessment using manual techniques to find critical vulns. We may sometimes use automated scanners, but we always use hands on manual testing that leverages technical knowledge, a client side proxy and a method of automated fuzzing. You should know web technologies very well, where they are weak and know how to find typical vulnerabilities! * All of our consultants can drop into a network, compromise systems, traverse network segregation and chain vulnerabilities to gain Domain Admin or gain access to critical Linux, UNIX or other proprietary system. In general your infrastructure, protocol and networking ability should be strong and well-practiced. * All of our consultants should be able to carry out static code analysis using manual and automated techniques in a variety of languages. We aren't looking for you to be a production-level developer, but we are looking for you to be able to understand program flow and programming constructs in the most relevant enterprise development languages. Think of it this way, we don't always get source code for our targets, but when we do you will need to be able to understand it enough to determine if security enforcing features are present and whether they are robust. * All of our consultants should have a reasonable approach for 'Blackbox' software testing. Typically this involves understanding how to profile software for attack surface analysis, carry out fuzzing against relevant inputs (network, file etc.) and debug running processes to detect memory corruptions. While software reverse engineering could be considered a specialist ability, every consultant should be able to disassemble binaries, trace program flow, extract clear text data and recognize where encryption techniques are in use. Like to write your own tools? Then you'll fit in well with us! Whether it's a quick and dirty python harness or something more robust, our consultants regularly write custom tools to carry out security testing. * All of our consultants should have knowledge and experience of testing mobile applications for (at least) iDevice and Android environments. It should be no surprise that we assess mobile applications and technologies with increasing frequency, so we expect our consultants to be able to keep up-to-date with the changes in technology and associated deficiencies for this fast paced area of IT. * Above all else our consultants should be able to absorb new technologies and determine how to test them for vulnerabilities quickly and to maximum effect. They turn their hands to areas of security that they have not previously dealt with. Never done a wireless security assessment? With a little reading you should be able to. Never seen a mainframe in your life? With some preparation you should quickly be able to understand how they may be misconfigured. We don't expect our consultants to be experts in everything - but we do expect them to be experts in security, turning that expertise towards any given medium as needed. Still reading this and think it sounds like you? Good! We want to hear from you so get in touch! WHY iSEC Partners? We offer competitive benefits, including an employer matched 401k plan, a healthy training budget, health/dental/vision insurance and paid vacation. In addition to your work in consultancy, we encourage team members to engage in challenging, cutting edge security research and we support attendance and participation in industry conferences and community events wherever possible. Our client base will give you exposure to the biggest companies that exist, from the top financial organizations, to science and technology giants, through household names that even your Grandparents have heard about., :location San Francisco, CA, US, :employer iSEC Partners, :skills python, rds
Web Applications Developer, :description Quartz (http://qz.com), a recently launched global business news site from Atlantic Media, is seeking an experienced Web Application Developer. You will collaborate with members of the engineering, editorial and advertising teams on a news site unlike any other – one that places emphasis on the reading experience, seamless interaction, and values content over traditional business needs. Developers at Quartz may be called upon to work on any part of the site, rather than adhering to the usual labels of "front-end" and "back-end". You should be comfortable adding a module to our Backbone.js application, building a custom WordPress plugin, or writing a hardware-accelerated CSS transition. Most of all, you should love creating things and take great personal pride in building beautiful, functional, and highly professional interfaces for external and internal users. This is an exciting opportunity to help redefine the news reading experience, and you will work on a large number of fun and challenging problems as the site and team grow. This is a full-time position based in our new Union Square office in NYC. Core technical skills and experience: Javascript application engineering, preferably Backbone but another MV* framework like Angular is sufficient WordPress theme and plugin development "Traditional" front-end work, i.e. HTML/CSS and presentation-layer Javascript/jQuery Git(hub), with experience managing multiple repositories Cross-browser and multi-platform experience, from IE 7 to iOS 7 Experience with client-side performance tools, e.g. Chrome Timeline panel, profiler etc Prolific writer of documentation Core personal skills: Self-motivated, detail-oriented, strong organizational skills, with a methodical approach to all tasks Able to succeed in a fast-moving high-demand environment and willing to “roll up your sleeves” when necessary Solid background in the fundamentals of software development Deep understanding of best practices in mobile, tablet, and desktop user experience Adaptable and willing to approach tasks with velocity and a high metabolism Bonus points: Experience with ad servers and other ad-related technologies Previous employment at early-stage companies, preferably digital media start-ups Linux and/or Apache chops Experience writing automated unit tests in Javascript or PHP *Already approved as a WordPress.com VIP developer Atlantic Media is an Equal Opportunity Employer., :location New York, :employer Atlantic Media, :skills js, java, php, angular, javascript, html, jquery
Android Mobile Engineer, :description Android Mobile App Developer HealthTap is taking off! As a Android Mobile App Developer with unique problem-solving capabilities, you have a deep passion for quality, and the talent to craft amazing, elegant code for multiple platforms. If this sounds like you, please read on! Who You Are You’re passionate about mobile apps, not because they’re “hot” but because they’re truly helpful You value innovation over imitation You believe in magic You know the exactly right tipping point between speed and quality You’re a fanatic about maintainability and reusability You recycle You believe that no user should have to read a how-to manual You pride yourself on the elegance of your code You love writing on walls You work across different hardware platforms with ease You think the idea of having a doctor in your pocket is more revolutionary than a pocket full of bejewels You possess uncommon problem-solving skills Your other car is a bike You’re a stickler for platform norms, both for code and UI You know that battery matters, so you write code that is fast without being resource-heavy You’re on top of the latest mobile app trends What You Want From Your Next Career Move To use your talent for crafting amazing code to make a difference in the world. To see your work used by millions of people around the world. Why We Need You To use your talent for crafting amazing code to make a difference in the world. To work for a company that values innovation rather than imitation. To see your work used by millions of people around the world. As a mobile developer at HealthTap you’ll be part of a tight knit team, coding with a purpose. You’ll work in an engineering and product centric culture, using the best and latest technologies in a board development framework (iOS, Android and all browsers). You’ll also get hands on experience with massive scale, cutting edge frameworks, cross platform design and responsiveness, and world-class UI and UX design. Responsibilities include: Develop and extend the reach of our highly-rated (4.5+ stars on all app stores) existing applications, while helping to define the roadmap for future HealthTap apps Create elegant code that actually saves lives (and that’s efficient, reusable, and easy to maintain) Break frontiers in performance and accessibility, and bring a whole new industry to mobile Create interfaces and APIs that will connect with a community of developers around the world Collaborate with other engineers, and with product and design teams to innovate and create a novel mobile health experience for doctors and patients everywhere How You’ll Transform Global Healthcare You’ll constantly innovate to create a new mobile health experience for doctors and patients everywhere—an experience that will redefine the doctor-patient relationship. What You’ve Achieved BS / MS in Computer Science from a top school / program (or equivalent experience) Noteworthy skills in Android SDK, Java, SQL, HTML, Javascript, CSS, AJAX, jQuery, XML and 2+ years experience developing amazing Android mobile apps Substantial Eclipse experience Deep understanding of Android UI frameworks, application design, and complex, reactive touch-based UIs Solid understanding of Ruby on Rails (preferred) Understanding of Agile development a plus Startup or equivalent experience (preferred) and the drive to live the dream (required), :location Palo Alto, California, :employer HealthTap, :skills agile, xml, ruby on rails, java, ruby, mobile developer, javascript, html, sql, jquery
Software Engineer / Ruby on Rails Developer, :description LeaseLabs is a cutting edge interactive media company and more specializing in advanced solutions both online and offline. We offer - responsive websites, portals, SEO and SMO products as well as a web2print marketing platform for multifamily and positioning for possible other verticals. LeaseLabs is a division of The DZAP Group, a boutique marketing and advertising firm working in multifamily hospitality and restaurant marketing. We are adding a Software Engineer to our team to work in the development and production of interactive technology solutions for our clients. Our ideal candidate is someone with the following skills: Knowledge of relational database design and SQL (Postgresql a plus) 3 plus years full time rails development required Strong knowledge of version control systems and application deployment Experience with user interface development Comfortable in a Linux environment Experience with RVM Experience with an e-commerce/payment processing platform Strong understanding of OOP and the MVC framework Experience with web service technologies such as SOAP, HTTP and REST. Experience with Capistrano Experience with TDD/BDD Behavioral traits, attitudes, and skills required: Superb problem solving skills Attention to detail Self starter with ability to work with minimal supervision Ability to quickly adapt to a variety of platforms and systems Ability to multitask and manage multiple projects Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preference will be given to candidates with: Experience with Rspec Experience with Cucumber Experience with RoR 2.3+ API integration with facebook, twitter, linkedin Experience with iOS stack Knowledge of Sass or Less and HAML Up to date mastery of web standards and technologies Proven ability to act as a project lead Effective in coming up with alternative, creative solutions Ability to work on rapid development projects as well as longer-term projects Compensation and Benefits: Salary - based on experience More About Us We are committed to growing and expanding our company, and professionally serving the marketing/advertising needs of our diverse clients in fresh ways, in an engaging, professional, fun and fast-paced environment from our offices in Bankers Hill, one block from Balboa Park. We value our employees and our work atmosphere, and conduct monthly offsite birthday celebrations (volleyball in the park, lawn bowling, ping pong, etc.), and other activities and events to stimulate our collective creativity. We offer an excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and 3 weeks paid time off., :location (Banker's Hill) San Diego, CA, :employer DZAP | LeaseLabs, :skills postgres, software engineer, sql, rds
Python/JavaScript software developer in open source project, :description You will be part of the Adhocracy development team, writing web applications in a test-driven fashion, following our unique adaptation of clean code, and our own, constantly evolving style of scrum development. You will work on challenging tasks such as: Collaborative aggregation of opinions Integration of online and offline processes Use of powerful election methods Modelling meaningful participation processes Our current technology stack includes the following: Linux, Nix, Git, Nginx Salt, Buildout Python 3 Pyramid, Substance D, ZODB Plone pytest, Splinter, Selenium, Jasmine TypeScript, JavaScript AngularJS Sass, object oriented CSS, HTML5 OpenLayers, OpenStreetMap Your profile You are a talented developer with a passion for effective code You have experience with our technology stack, and are keen on catching up in areas you have not worked with. Experience in other programming languages (e.g. purely functional ones) and tools is always a plus You enjoy having constructive arguments on getting things done in the most effective and sustainable way You like using and contributing to free software About us The non-profit association Liquid Democracy e.V. was created in 2009 by a small group of people who believe that decisions in our society need, and can be made differently. To tackle this task we started developing our free, open source software Adhocracy. Through Adhocracy we work to facilitate joint decision making, and further the democratic ethos, allowing people to take part in the decisions that impact them. We seek to live up to this ethos ourselves and within our association. This is best demonstrated by three examples of our current work: We are working with the State of Berlin to create a central participation platform for citizens, opening up a permanent and direct channel of communication between administration and citizens. We also cooperate with partners on the EU research project (FP-7) ‘Policy Compass’ to unite and utilize open data and participation projects. Moreover, we develop our software Adhocracy to be used with corporate partners to exploit and explore the potential of joint decision making in an entrepreneurial context. For a more detailed overview of our recent work visit: https://projects.adhocracy.de/page Why work with us? Feel the impact of your work in the world around you. Be part of an innovative think tank that challenges traditional notions of democratic participation, in the heart of Berlins’ flourishing start up scene. Challenge yourself by contributing to a growing enterprise that works for ideas, not for profit. See how your contributions to our software change the way decision making takes place in our society. Enjoy a work atmosphere where creativity and new ideas are cherished and you can unfold your potential. We look forward to growing with you!, :location Isarstrasse 11, Berlin (Germany), :employer Liquid Democracy e.V., :skills html5, js, java, scrum, angular, javascript, html, python
SOFTWARE-INGENIEUR / E-COMMERCE (80 – 100 %), :description Webcraft entwickelt umfassende e-commerce-Lösungen und betreibt damit den Webshop supermagnete.com. Supermagnete zählt zu den führenden Online-Shops für Magnete europaweit. Was 2003 als Einmannbetrieb begann, ist heute ein gesundes und wachsen-des Unternehmen mit rund 40 Mitarbeitenden an zwei Firmensitzen (CH/D). Dein Aufgabenbereich: Zusammen mit 4 Informatikern (dipl. Informatik-Ing. ETH Zürich/FH) entwickelst du unsere Software weiter. Es handelt sich um ein komplettes Webshop-System, das ein CRM-System, ein Logistik-Inter-face und ein B2B-System umfasst. Unser System basiert auf einer Linux-Umgebung und wir verwen-den derzeit v.a. PHP, MySQL & HTML. Trotz der Lowtech-Programmiersprache handelt es sich um ei-ne äusserst anspruchsvolle Aufgabe. Dein Profil: Du bist Informatiker/in mit (Fach-)Hochschul-Abschluss und arbeitest gern im kleinen Team. Deine An-sprüche an Korrektheit, Robustheit und Benutzerfreundlichkeit sind aussergewöhnlich hoch. Du schätzt Lösungen, die funktionieren und bis zum Ende durchdacht sind. Zudem durchschaust du komplexe Geschäftsprozesse und kannst sie auf einfache Art modellieren. Deine Arbeitshaltung ist dis-zipliniert und selbstkritisch. Die deutsche Sprache beherrschst du ausgezeichnet in Wort und Schrift. Deine Perspektive: Wir bieten dir eine gut bezahlte Position mit spannenden Projekten, hoher Eigenverantwortung und freier Zeiteinteilung. Da wir unsere Software ausschliesslich für den internen Bedarf entwickeln, arbeitest du unabhängig von externen Auftraggebern und Deadlines. Auf dich wartet ein freundliches Team und eine entspannte Arbeitsatmosphäre ohne Anzug und Krawatte. Unser Büro befindet sich in Uster (Region Zürich), nahe dem Greifensee. Haben wir dein Interesse geweckt? Bitte sende uns deine Bewerbung in deutscher Sprache. Schau gern auch bei uns im Büro vorbei, oder kontaktiere mich direkt unter: Pablo Schläpfer (CTO) pschlaepfer@webcraft.ch Besuche uns auch auf: www.webcraft.ch www.supermagnete.ch, :location Zürich (Uster), :employer Webcraft GmbH, :skills mysql, php, html, sql
Cloud Engineer, :description Are you passionate about technology? Would you like to join a company that makes its own cloud services? Do you want to work together with people from over a dozen different countries to make those services? Do you want to be part of an agile DevOps team in an open and informal environment and be able to contribute to the service roadmap? We are SDL, Europe’s leading provider of advanced enterprise content management software. If you are passionate about automation and innovation, building large scale cloud based services, this team could be the challenge you were looking for! You will enjoy implementing automation and orchestration solutions to facilitate deployment of SDL Web solutions and DevOps practices. YOUR ROLE We are looking for an experienced and talented Cloud Engineer who’s proficient in automating application deployment and verification. Your experience and scripting skills will help you develop solutions to deploy, manage and monitor the cloud service infrastructure solutions of SDL Web, a key part of SDL Customer Experience Cloud. RESPONSIBILITIES Deliver working solutions to automate everything Design, code and test new features Debug and diagnose issues across network, OS, application and service Perform code reviews for your peer developers Inspire and share your experience with your colleagues SKILLS & EXPERIENCE At least a Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering or equivalent field Expert in AWS CloudFormation and Chef Fluent in English reading, writing and speaking DESIRED SKILLS Experience configuring, deploying and running a large cloud based service on AWS Experience working with Linux/Unix as well as Windows Experience with relational databases like Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle Database Experience with enterprise-level service characteristics such as Availability, Security, Performance, Stability, Scalability, etc. Exposure to Continuous Delivery processes and software development lifecycle tools such as TFS, Git, Jenkins, etc. Working knowledge in an agile development atmosphere like Scrum or Kanban, :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer SDL, :skills agile, scala, scrum, software engineer, sql
Software Build Engineer, :description Do you wish you could make a bigger impact? At Elekta, you can make a difference. Our software engineers connect thousands of patients to care each day. And, that is just the beginning. Ideal candidates should be self-motivated, thrive in a fast-paced environment and are always searching for a better way. If you are creative, smart and work best in teams, we’d like to talk to you. At Elekta, we don’t just develop software; we develop solutions that help transform the way clinicians treat cancer. Elekta’s growing software development engineering team has an opportunity for a Software Build Engineer to develop and maintain the build process, installation programs, and setup scripts for Elekta products. Our product teams thrive in a scaled, agile environment. Architects, product owners, designers and developers collaborate closely to rethink and re-imagine. We need your expertise to create software that is simple, elegant and easy to use. We want to make sure that physicians spend their time fighting cancer, not software. RESPONSIBILITIES The Software Build Engineer Will: Contribute to design decisions and discussions with the Design Review Team Develop, test and document build processes, scripts, and setup programs, support formal validation of products, and interface with vendors as necessary during the product development cycle Support the Product Support Team with issues that are beyond their technical scope Know, support and utilize Elekta’s quality and design procedures REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or equivalent experience Minimum two years experience in software development or software testing Experience with Subversion, Git, scripting languages, and developing Windows install packages with InstallShield Experience with Clarion, Awk, WinBatch, 4DOS/4NT, VB, and Linux is a plus Experience with Visual Studio is required DESIRED SKILLS Experience with continuous integration (Jenkins) processes is desired Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent problem solving skills Self motivated and able to work independently EEO Statement Elekta is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, genetic information, marital status or disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act) with respect to employment opportunities., :location St. Louis, MO or Sunnyvale, CA, :employer Elekta, :skills agile, software engineer
Software Engineer, :description As a software engineer at Thumbtack, you'll be responsible for bringing the Thumbtack vision to life. That means discovering, researching and implementing anything that moves us towards our vision, in collaboration with designers, product managers and the rest of Thumbtack. This often takes the form of new product features, but also includes improvements to Thumbtack backend matching system, internal tools to give us insight into Thumbtack ecosystem, engineering infrastructure to keep the team humming along, and anything else that feels like an exciting opportunity. In any case, as a software engineer, it always means managing complexity through thoughtful software design to ensure we can grow and scale our product without sacrificing development speed or quality. We expect you to be excited by Thumbtack's mission to transform the local services economy, making it more efficient and useful for both sides of the marketplace. We deeply believe in the transformative power of technology in the services industry. Our engineering process values ownership and individual contribution within a collaborative environment. To this end, you will have complete autonomy in choosing the kinds of projects you undertake. We expect you to take a deliberate and thoughtful approach to your decision-making while also exercising great freedom and creativity. We hope that you'll enjoy crafting sentences and paragraphs as much as you enjoy crafting methods and classes. To learn more about what our engineering team is currently working on, check out our blog http://www.thumbtack.com/engineering/ About you You like finding interesting problems in the world, then tackling them head on with dedication and creativity You are comfortable expressing yourself with written and verbal communication You like talking and engaging with users to help them express their needs in ways that can be used as feedback for future iterations of the product You're not one to pick up a hammer then look for nails, though you do like finding new hammers- You appreciate a good statistical analysis and the power of data-driven decisions, and you like running A/B tests You're excited about the code you write, and work hard to make it maintainable for your future self as well as your colleagues on the engineering team You're comfortable working with a variety of technologies (we use a mix of PHP, Python, JavaScript, Postgres, Mongo, and loose leaf tea) Please apply using the following link: http://grnh.se/wyv5ts, :location San Francisco, :employer Thumbtack, :skills postgres, java, php, javascript, software engineer, python, rds
Engineering Manager, Web UI, :description You really do need to be a solid manager for this job. Our engineers are particularly smart, creative, hard-working, and capable collaborators. They need leadership, not supervision. Managers here are mentors who lead by example and coach their teams. They continually improve the work environment to bring out the best in everyone. Our managers work hard to stay invisible while delivering rapidly. If you're a command-and-control person, this is not the right place for you. If you've been a software engineer yourself, and you love helping other engineers excel, we might be the perfect place. Management here is serious business. We have the best management mentoring program in any rapidly growing tech company—-perhaps the best, period. It is hard work to become a better manager. You'll do that work every day alongside your peers throughout the company. Working at New Relic, you'll have a rare opportunity to challenge yourself and propel your ability to lead to the next level, with the support and guidance of a talented and dedicated team. Our product teams deliver the apps and services that give our technical customers visibility into their web applications. We turn mountains of monitoring data into clear visualizations so you can fix bugs and make operational decisions that impact the business. Our work is on the screens of every one of our 80,000 customers. You must get the agile/SaaS lifecycle, incremental delivery, and continuous deployment. Experience with Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, and Angular.js is helpful and an ability to learn is required. We operate the services we build, so expect to use your knowledge up and down the stack to create resilient, maintainable software. You'll be a serious candidate if you have several years of experience as a sharp engineer working on production web software; a track record of delivering socially complex projects (must be able to demonstrate that or it's a "no-go"); and a couple of years or more serving in a management or lead role. You're someone who acts with drive and urgency, yet always takes the time to listen and to do the right thing. You are constantly seeking new ways to explain, coach, teach, and bring out the best in others. Tell us about your management philosophy in your cover letter and give examples of your role in delivering software with a team. And, of course, we want to hear why you might be particularly interested in New Relic. A little about us: New Relic is a software analytics company that, on behalf of our customers, makes sense of billions of metrics about millions of applications, all in real time. Our comprehensive SaaS-based solution for web and mobile applications consolidates the performance monitoring data into a single, powerful interface. Our 90,000 customers use New Relic every day to optimize more than three million applications. New Relic is a San Francisco Best Places to Work award winner, an Oregon “Top Workplace” award winner, named a leader in the Gartner’s 2013 “Magic Quadrant” for APM companies, a Top 100 OnDemand Company, Best of SaaS (THINKStrategies), Top 100 Coolest Cloud Computing (CRN); 10 Cloud Management Companies to Watch (NetworkWorld) – the list of accolades goes on. More important than all of that: we provide challenging work, opportunities to learn, high quality teammates, a standard-setting product, and a company on the move. The position is in our Portland, Oregon office, right in the middle of a vibrant tech community and a region with great quality of life. We can help with relocation. We offer competitive compensation, stock options, and big-company benefits (medical, dental, vision, life), while maintaining the energy, agility, and fun of a successful, rapidly growing company. We can help with relocation and are open to H1-B transfers. New Relic is most decidedly an equal opportunity employer. We seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note: Our stewardship of the data of many thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic. Interested? Send us a resume and remember to include your cover letter. We look forward to talking with you. Apply Here : http://www.Click2Apply.net/y668dr2, :location  Portland, Oregon, 97204, :employer New Relic, :skills agile, js, java, ruby, angular, javascript, software engineer, rds
Software Engineer, Advanced High Throughput Services, :description New Relic Software Engineer, Advanced High Throughput Services Portland, OR If you’re the kind of engineer who gets excited about the idea of building systems that handle billions of messages per hour, if you like to geek out about distributed cache consistency, if you have a penchant for performance and would rather spend your days designing algorithms than gluing together middleware — well, then you’re just like us, and we’d like to hear from you. The New Relic Data Services team builds and maintains the high-performance, high-volume backend services that receive, process, store, and query the tidal wave of incoming data from our rapidly growing customer base. Researching storage solutions, implementing fault-tolerant architectures, and helping other teams roll out features that consume terabytes of data a day are all part of our daily routine. We’re looking for a developer who has experience building complex production services using low-level libraries, with a keen eye for performance and concurrency issues. For this position, you should be eager to master the intricacies of JVM tuning, NIO, and designing infrastructure to process more bytes per second than Twitter. Most importantly, you should be excited about tackling hard problems as part of a small, driven team building the next generation of our most mission-critical systems. Specifically, you should have: 4+ years of commercial software development experience using a statically typed language (preferably Java or C) Experience working in a startup or startup-like setting Experience with database schema design and tuning Experience designing service APIs Thorough knowledge of design patterns, concurrency and multithreading Ideally, experience with Kafka, Java NIO, and Cassandra To apply, send us: A copy of your resume A cover letter, letting us know why this specific role appeals to you and describing the hardest problem you’ve solved A little about us: New Relic is a software analytics company that, on behalf of our customers, makes sense of billions of metrics about millions of applications, all in real time. Our comprehensive SaaS-based solution for web and mobile applications consolidates the performance monitoring data into a single, powerful interface. Our 90,000 customers use New Relic every day to optimize more than three million applications. New Relic is a San Francisco Best Places to Work award winner, an Oregon “Top Workplace” award winner, named a leader in the Gartner’s 2013 “Magic Quadrant” for APM companies, a Top 100 OnDemand Company, Best of SaaS (THINKStrategies), Top 100 Coolest Cloud Computing (CRN); 10 Cloud Management Companies to Watch (NetworkWorld) – the list of accolades goes on. More important than all of that: we provide challenging work, opportunities to learn, high quality teammates, a standard-setting product, and a company on the move. Our office is in the tech mecca of Portland, with easy commute access and a plethora of good eats and great coffee. We provide competitive compensation (including stock options) and big-company benefits (medical, dental, etc.)—all while maintaining the energy, agility and fun of a start-up. We can help with relocation and are open to H1-B transfers. New Relic is most decidedly an equal opportunity employer. We seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, disability, age, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers’ means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic. To get started, click on the link below. Apply Here, :location  Portland, Oregon, 97204, :employer New Relic, :skills java, software engineer, cassandra, rds
Site Reliability Engineer - 33891662, :description Changing the world is all in a day's work at Apple. If you love innovation, here's your chance to make a career of it. You'll work hard. But the job comes with more than a few perks. Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Be a part of the most revolutionary products in the market today -- iOS, iPhone, and iPad. The iOS Systems team is responsible for delivering solutions to activate iPhones, iPods, and iPads worldwide. iOS Systems works closely with engineers, PMs and QA groups across Apple including iOS software engineering, iCloud engineering, Apple Online Store, Apple Retail and backend IT systems, as well as carriers and other third parties outside Apple. Key Qualifications: •Minimum of 5 years hands-on engineering in an object oriented language. •Experience in a production environment is ideal, but not required. •Experience or expertise in Systems Engineering or Network Engineering is a big plus. •Background in information security risk management is a big plus •Minimum of 5 years hands-on engineering in an object oriented language. •Experience in a production environment is ideal, but not required. •Experience or expertise in Systems Engineering or Network Engineering is a big plus. •Background in information security risk management is a big plus. Description: The iOS Systems team is building out a Site Reliability organization. In this role you will be expected to work hand-in-hand with the teams across all phases of the project lifecycle to support systems and to take ownership as they move from QA through integrated testing, certification and production. Once the systems are live in production, you will be responsible for providing application support and will be the primary point of contact for the business ops teams and external companies in triaging issues, identifying root causes and working hand in hand with the software engineering team on short and long-term fixes. You see the world through a customer’s eyes, but have the technical experience and skills to build and shape that world. Whether it’s conference calls, emails or keynotes, success in this role comes by identifying areas of opportunity, then building consensus towards a resolution. Communication is key. You already know this… every issue counts. A single ticket can be the key to discovering an underlying issue impacting thousands of people. And now that you’ve found it, you can’t wait to fix it. You also know that owning the quality of an application is about separating the signal from the noise. Finding that signal is what motives you. Priorities change. You must be able to change with them. Education: BS degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience Apple is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities., :location Cupertino, CA, :employer Apple Inc., :skills software engineer, rds
Frontend Specialist  , :description We're looking for a frontend developer who has a passion for developing software for the web. You will have the Javascript and HTML/CSS skills to have a significant positive impact on all aspects of the in-browser experience of our customers, and be comfortable working in an agile team that strives for simplicity, fast feedback, excellent communication and courage to make big changes safely. About the role You will work within a tech team of 20 people: developers, designers, infrastructure specialists and product owners. We pride ourselves in being a team of technical generalists, but we will expect you to be an expert on all frontend-related technologies: not only leading frontend development within our group, but also spreading your knowledge around to the other members of the team. Your work will be primarily in Javascript, HTML & CSS, but we’ll expect you to be familiar with the fundamentals of a full stack. We use Ruby (mostly with Rails) extensively, but we are a polyglot team: you’ll also find Python and Go in our tech stack. Proficiency with Sass/LESS and one or more preprocessing frameworks (eg. Compass) is crucial. You’ll be passionate about frontend performance and responsive design, and be comfortable taking your code all the way to deployment (including working on the build chain for frontend assets). Javascript experience that extends far beyond ‘can use a jQuery plugin’ is also essential: we want to work with someone who would be comfortable delving into the innards of JS module loaders and web application frameworks. Experience with Coffeescript and client-side MVC concepts is highly desirable. Our team takes TDD and automated testing seriously: if you are lacking experience in this area, you must have the enthusiasm to learn more about it. We also do a fair amount of pair programming, and we want to work with someone who is comfortable pairing. Although it’s not essential, we’re particularly interested in talking to people who have experience in online retail, especially if that experience was gained in an environment where data-driven design and split-testing were used extensively. About the candidate You will enjoy looking for problems and be pragmatic in finding solutions. We encourage all team members to take time during working hours for professional development, so successful candidates will be intellectually curious and able to drive their own self-development. You will be passionate about Agile and not afraid to tell us how we can continuously improve. You will work in a collaborative way with your colleagues using our core values of respect, courage, and freedom, to motivate each other to think big, experiment freely, and share ideas that enrich the whole team. You will care about standards and be comfortable conducting and receiving code reviews. You will not be afraid to ask questions and will take responsibility for ensuring that the finished product meets its requirements. About the company Palatinate Group Limited is a UK-based leisure and holiday specialist and is formed in part by Europe’s largest golf travel business (www.yourgolftravel.com) and the UK’s largest supplier of spa breaks (www.spabreaks.com). Your Golf Travel.com is one of the UK's fastest growing private companies, listed in the Sunday Times "Fast Track 100" four consecutive years (at number 6 in 2010). It also ranked as London's fastest-growing private company. Spabreaks.com launched in 2008 is already the UK's largest supplier of spa breaks and ranked 2nd in the 2012 Sunday Times "Fast Track 100"., :location London, UK, :employer Your Golf Travel, :skills agile, js, java, ruby, javascript, html, python, jquery, rds
Senior Java/Android Developer, :description Job Description Are you a great dev who wants to work on new and interesting projects, with new problems to solve all the time? We’re looking for great devs who want to work on really interesting projects. You know that Android is the dominant smartphone platform, and will be powering many different types of devices in the years to come. At Touch Lab, Android is all that we do and our goal is to be the best Android development shop around. Period. Come help us make that happen. We need developers that want to help define what great software development is, both for Android specifically, and small, agile teams in general. Besides just “coding”, we like to stay involved and give back to the community. Our team runs the NY Android Developers meetup and this year we’re producing Droidcon NYC, so we’re looking for people who want to increase their visibility and contribute to the community. If you’re interested in teaching others how great Android is done, we’re launching a training school in the fall, so this is the place for you. The next 18 months mark the beginning of a phase of significant growth for Touch Lab and we’re looking for leaders to help take our company to the next level. Rev share and equity plans to the right candidates. Relocation assistance can be discussed. Visas are a different story, but will do what we can. Requirements 3+ years software development experience. Strong Java/OOP skills. Android is highly desirable, but not an absolute requirement for the right candidate. Some team lead experience, or a strong desire to be in that role needed. Github and/or stackoverflow profiles carry a lot of weight, so please forward if you have them. About Touch Lab TouchLab is NYC’s premiere Android development shop, working for great companies of all shapes and sizes. We're heavily involved in the local Android/Mobile community, including the big NYC Android meetup, as well as hosting Droidcon NYC. Unlike most consulting and "media" companies, we're developer run. This means no crazy schedules or requirements, we understand what's needed to build good software. You'll have excellent opportunities for career growth and networking (if that's your thing). We're a young company, so you can directly influence how things are done. We work on the hard problems, and are developing some great open source solutions and platforms to define how mobile should be done. Hard problems need great thinkers. TouchLab currently works in midtown Manhattan, in a private office at one of the best co-working spaces in the city. It’s a great way to meet many others in the local tech community., :location New York, :employer Touch Lab, :skills agile, java
Senior Software Engineer, :description MyFitnessPal's Tools team owns the creation of developer tools that the rest of the organization uses. This team is the creator of critical tools like our deployment tool that makes our process more efficient and effective. Central and critical to our engineering team, we are looking for a senior engineer to be the team's liaison and work with all the other engineering leads to help identify new developer tools that we should build. At MyFitnessPal, you will... Build and maintain low latency high performance scalable systems Design and implement new services Work closely with other engineers within your group and across the entire engineering organization. Rapidly iterate on product and platform features We are looking for someone that... Has a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience. 8+ years of relevant work experience Has a strong algorithms and data structures background. Has experience handling web applications at scale and ideally some of those are large social networks. Has an understanding of good software development practices/patterns/architecture Has mastered at least one programming language and ideally has some experience in Ruby. Enjoys to work as part of a team. Picks up new things quickly. Writes clean, elegant, readable and well-documented code., :location San Francisco, CA, :employer MyFitnessPal, :skills scala, ruby
DevOps Engineer, :description Responsibilities Are you interested in working on a DevOps team contributing to large-scale consumer services operating on one of the largest high quality networks in the world? If you are a DevOps pro then join and help formulate how Verizon does DevOps! If you have a desire to be working on a high caliber DevOps team and have skill sets that match the below then join Verizon and contribute and learn! The ideal candidate will combine testing experience, software engineering skills, and deployment knowhow to verify and operate consumer oriented services in a worldwide, high-quality, tier-1 network. Experienced candidates with a strong desire to extend their current skill set and learn new technologies are especially encouraged to apply. Responsibilities: Work with core development teams to test, deploy and maintain scalable, robust software platforms and services. Manage a continuous build and deploy environment Define test and verification processes for production services Monitor, test, and maintain production services Define and operate live A/B testing of production services Qualifications Experience with one or more of Java, Go, Scala, JavaScript, Python, HTML5, AJAX, DJANGO Experience with one or more of Kafka, Storm, Cassandra, Zookeeper, or similar Experience with Linux Containers (LXC) and Docker Experience with tuning Linux systems, Java VM’s, Application services. Experience with shell scripts and configuration management tools like Puppet, Chef Experience with testing and debugging live systems Knowledge of IT operations Excellent communication skills Passion for testing high-quality services for correctness and robustness Equal Employment Opportunity Verizon is a Federal Contractor Verizon requests veteran priority referrals Verizon is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer M/F/Disability/Vet. Job ID: 362181, :location Waltham, :employer Verizon, :skills html5, scala, django, java, javascript, software engineer, cassandra, html, python
Content Delivery Interconnections Manager, :description Responsibilities Responsible for the need assessment, negotiation, and implementation of CDN-to-IP last-mile network interconnections supporting Verizon CDN (content delivery network). Verizon CDN will leverage the public IP network and existing interconnections, but will also need hyper-targeted interconnections to major last-mile networks both domestically and internationally. This position will form a strategy and execute upon that strategy to ensure the highest level of quality for content delivery around the world using Verizon CDN. This role will own a budget, a plan, and a cross-functional team to accomplish these goals. Responsibilities include: Assess which ISPs, MSOs, TelCos, that Verizon CDN should establish direct interconnections, between the Verizon Network and the last-mile network, including which locations and at what capacity (requiring forecasting by ISP and geography) Understand Verizon's current peering and paid-peering policies, as well as IP transit (IDE and IDA) strategy, the cost and revenue structures associated with each model, and the existing interconnection topology Verizon has deployed with global last-mile providers Build a prioritized plan for interconnections with the top ISPs and in the top geographies, prioritizing sites and carriers according to the demand of CDN customers against the current interconnection footprint and capacity, ensuring quality performance and SLA achievement Drive the project plan for executing a successful Content Delivery Network-interconnection strategy, ensuring major milestones are met in a timely basis and project dependencies (within and across the organization) are documented, visible, and addressed Forecast traffic levels, and associated costs against those traffic levels, per network and per geography (at the customer level) to ensure adequate visibility on the cost structure and cost horizon for Verizon CDN; obtain operating budget approval and capital budget approval against this forecast, updating regularly Lead the business negotiations with major ISPs surrounding Content Delivery Network traffic egressing Verizon's network destined for the ISP's consumers, including pricing structure and price points, forecasting costs against the P&L accordingly Lead a cross-functional team consisting of Legal, Finance, Sourcing, and Network and Engineering teams responsible for the negotiation and execution of ISP Content Delivery Network-interconnections (ensuring the right design is put forth, against a managed P&L) Work closely with Carrier Management (in Global Wholesale) to create synergies from a buy/and/sell perspective while driving down interconnection costs with major carriers and ISPs Work closely with the Content Delivery Network Planning team and Public IP Network Planning team to ensure the optimal design and engineering plan is developed and deployed based on the type of traffic (and the interconnection schemes in place today with major MSOs and ISPs (e.g. direct or VPN-based connections, Private Line, in Equinix or Carrier Hotel sites, etc Formulate a global interconnection strategy related to the Content Delivery Network, including which networks and geographies will require direct interconnections from the Content Delivery Network Execute a global expansion strategy including 3rd party CDNs (both carrier-based CDNs like Tata and Vodafone and BT and Telefonica, as well as pure-play OTT CDNs like Limelight and Akamai); this includes partnership development, interconnection strategies (similar to non-CDN ISPs), traffic forecasts, and P&L management Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s degree - Graduate degree in an engineering field, or MBA preferred Experience: 7+ years’ experience within the interconnection and ISP industry 5+ years’ experience with a Content Delivery Network (CDN) or in the CDN industry 3+ years’ experience working with digital media technologies and network technologies (BGP, LCR, MPLS, IP, etc.) Experience managing initiatives and cross-functional contributors, focused on contract negotiations Solid understanding of both business and technical requirements and ability to translate each to an untrained audience Preferred Experience: Illustrated experience with networking Experience in telecom, digital media and/or related fields Experience working in a cross-functional organization Strong understanding of IP protocols CDN Technologies; Caching, Streaming and Downloads Public IP transit experience (Internet Dedicated Ethernet, Internet Dedicated Access, Ethernet technologies, etc.) Traffic utilization methods and calculations (P95 Mbps Sustained and Peak, GB Delivered, Price Protected Ports, etc.) Intimate familiarity with the global ISP landscape Business negotiations with international and domestic ISPs, MSOs, TelCos, Carriers, etc. Leading cross-functional teams within and outside of the immediate line of business § Budget forecasting and capital planning Project Management skills with understanding of project management life cycle activities including but not necessarily limited to project proposal development, budgeting, scheduling, and documentation Internal executive presentation skills Illustrated background creating results-driven recommendations History of working across workstreams and business units Ability to create presentation materials and communicate to executives, customers, external stakeholders, and industry leaders PowerPoint advanced skills Job ID: 351088, :location Santa Monica, :employer Verizon, :skills play
Lean/Agile Coach, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation’s Team Practices Group is looking for a Lean/Agile Coach to help us uncover better ways of developing software; a natural teacher, leader, and collaborator who embraces the spirit of the agile manifesto and its underlying principles. You will join this newly formed team dedicated to helping our development teams iterate towards excellence, in service of realizing a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all human knowledge. Description Act in a ScrumMaster/Agile Coach role within the organization and with individual teams as needed Work within the Team Practices Group to create and conduct development process workshops and tools Assess and track the health and success of engineering teams Advise, facilitate, and document engineering best practices (eg TDD, BDD, team-level metrics, CI, QA, etc.) Requirements 4+ years of experience in a lean/agile coach role, working in a variety of contexts, and with teams at varying levels of maturity Deep understanding of agile philosophy, lean principles, and common frameworks such as Scrum History of success facilitating the delivery of high-quality software from development through testing, integration, and deployment Experience working with distributed teams BS/BA degree (computer science, project management) or equivalent professional experience Pluses Agile certifications (PMI-ACP, CSM, CSP, CSC, etc) Experience in open source/community-driven collaborative projects Experience writing software Experience working on large, complex projects with a global audience Show us your stuff! Please provide us with information you feel would be useful to us in gaining a better understanding of your background and accomplishments. Links demonstrating projects you’ve helped deliver, your blogs, publications, personal projects, etc. are exceptionally useful. About the Wikimedia Foundation The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California that operates Wikipedia and its sister projects in 285 languages. Together they receive nearly 500 million unique visitors per month making it the 5th most popular Web property. Wikimedia’s globally-distributed staff of 150 interact with a community of more than 100,000 people worldwide and remains committed to creating a world in which every single human being can freely and easily share in the sum of all knowledge. More Information http://wikimediafoundation.org http://blog.wikimedia.org https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/MediaWiki https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Engineering/Team_Practices_Group, :location San Francisco or Remote, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills agile, scrum, rds
Software Engineer | Maps & Geo, :description Summary The Wikimedia Foundation is forming a small team to evolve how our users create, modify, and use map and geospatial information. We believe location information is at the center of modern devices and we are eager to empower our users to contribute and consume location information. We’re especially excited about the work that the OpenStreetMap project has done and want to better integrate it with Wikipedia. You’ll join a small team with large mandate: light up the world map with location knowledge for users across all devices. Description Scale our existing OSM Database infrastructure to production loads Build out a production tile rendering service for our products Empower our teams to create geospatial tools Requirements Know how OSM works inside out and upside down Love building tools that use geospatial data Have a BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent work experience Pluses Having volunteered for the OSM project Building tools that use Wikipedia data sets and Maps Having experience with monitoring and deployment tools Knowing what an octant, sextant, and quadrant are used for Show us your stuff! Please provide us with information you feel would be useful to us in gaining a better understanding of your technical background and accomplishments. Links to GitHub, your technical blogs, publications, personal projects, etc. are exceptionally useful. We especially appreciate pointers to your best contributions to open source projects. About The Wikimedia Foundation is a San Francisco-based nonprofit entity committed to building a world in which everyone can freely share in the sum of all human knowledge. Projects include Wikipedia, which contains more than 17 million volunteer-authored articles in more than 280 languages. As a collective, these projects represent the largest collection of shared knowledge in human history, built and edited by millions of people. The web properties are the most highly visited web properties running on free and open source software in history. Wikipedia alone is visited by more than 480 million people monthly, making it the 5th most popular site in the world. The Wikimedia Foundation sustains and supports the volunteer community by providing the technical, and managerial, infrastructure and tools needed to continue their contributions., :location San Francisco or Remote, :employer Wikimedia Foundation, :skills 
Unix System Administrator, :description Booking.com is hiring for Unix System Administrators for our office in Singapore. In this position you will be responsible for managing and providing support for all aspects of the Booking.com website and infrastructure. You will ensure continual system operations and support the continuous business growth of Booking.com. You will work in the Production team to design, install, update, troubleshoot and repair new and existing systems and software. Main responsibilities (include, but are not limited to) Automating systems management of new and existing systems. An intensive automation and scripting mindset is essential; Actively monitoring the performance and stability of all the production systems at Booking.com, using your analytical skills to anticipate future problems and resolve them effectively; -Troubleshooting and resolving problems with other systems administrators, database administrators, software developers, and commercial business colleagues. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills are essential, including with little initial knowledge of a problem; Supporting the rapid development and deployment of internal software and systems. You will need to think on your feet; Provide excellent service in response to commercial business requirements; Documenting systems and communicate technical knowledge to colleague; Ability to learn new things quickly is essential; You will have the ability to make a big impact and the responsibility to do the right thing; Participate in an on-call rotation for out of hours support. Required Skills and Experience Strong experience of Linux systems administration Experience and interest in systems automation and systems programming Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, under pressure Good team communication skills, with technical and non-technical colleagues Curiosity and dedication Knowledge of Python or Perl Proficiency in Bourne shell/Bash scripting Flexible and available to travel to Amsterdam, The Netherlands for trainings and meetings approximately 2x per year Work at Booking Booking.com is one of the largest e-commerce sites in the world. We book over 500,000 room nights every day and we are the market leader in online hotel reservations. We offer a dynamic, motivating and sophisticated work environment. A culture that is open, innovative and performance orientated. Our scale and scope, commitment to people and high standards of integrity make Booking.com a great place to work. You are you, We are Booking! Our culture is built around good ideas and a collaborative environment. We all share the responsibility to make our company even better. We believe that every employee can add their own unique value to the company, just by being you. We invite you to make your own mark on the company., :location Singapore, :employer Booking.com, :skills perl, software developer, python, rds
Unix System Administrator, :description Booking.com is hiring for Unix System Administrators for our office in Seattle, Washington. In this position you will be responsible for managing and providing support for all aspects of the Booking.com website and infrastructure. You will ensure continual system operations and support the continuous business growth of Booking.com. You will work in the Production team to design, install, update, troubleshoot and repair new and existing systems and software. Main responsibilities (include, but are not limited to) Automating systems management of new and existing systems. An intensive automation and scripting mindset is essential; Actively monitoring the performance and stability of all the production systems at Booking.com, using your analytical skills to anticipate future problems and resolve them effectively; Troubleshooting and resolving problems with other systems administrators, database administrators, software developers, and commercial business colleagues. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills are essential, including with little initial knowledge of a problem; Supporting the rapid development and deployment of internal software and systems. You will need to think on your feet; Provide excellent service in response to commercial business requirements; Documenting systems and communicate technical knowledge to colleague; Ability to learn new things quickly is essential; You will have the ability to make a big impact and the responsibility to do the right thing; Participate in an on-call rotation for out of hours support. Required Skills and Experience Strong experience of Linux systems administration Experience and interest in systems automation and systems programming Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, under pressure Good team communication skills, with technical and non-technical colleagues Curiosity and dedication Knowledge of Python or Perl Proficiency in Bourne shell/Bash scripting Flexible and available to travel to Amsterdam, The Netherlands for trainings and meetings approximately 2x per year Work at Booking Booking.com is one of the largest e-commerce sites in the world. We book over 500,000 room nights every day and we are the market leader in online hotel reservations. We offer a dynamic, motivating and sophisticated work environment. A culture that is open, innovative and performance orientated. Our scale and scope, commitment to people and high standards of integrity make Booking.com a great place to work. You are you, We are Booking! Our culture is built around good ideas and a collaborative environment. We all share the responsibility to make our company even better. We believe that every employee can add their own unique value to the company, just by being you. We invite you to make your own mark on the company. All applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States. At this point no H1-B Visa Sponsorship is available for this position., :location Seattle, :employer Booking.com, :skills perl, software developer, python, rds
iOS Developer, :description As an iOS application developer you will develop, design and maintain our Booking.com iPad and iPhone apps. The Booking.com iOS apps have been downloaded over 20 million times all over the world, so your work will have broad international reach. Booking.com’s loyal customer are using our apps more and more. Our mobile apps teams listen to our customers and give them the features that they want and use. We are looking for highly skilled developers to join our mobile team in the vivid city of Amsterdam. Join our international team and help us to make the best travel app in the world. The responsibilities: Maintain and enhance our iOS application Translate requirements and mock-ups into fully functioning features Develop new and existing iOS applications features Provide estimates on development cycles Implement conversion experiments (A/B tests) Partner with designers to help define and implement User Interface improvements Work with team members on server-side integration The requirements 3+ years iOS application development using iOS SDK Knowledge of Cocoa, Objective-C and Xcode Knowledge of Object Oriented concepts and a strong passion for software development 5+ years of experience as a developer Strong interaction and design sense Self-motivated to explore new technologies, applications and environments Excellent attention to detail Self-starter, highly motivated, team-player Fully comfortable working in English, both in writing and spoken Willing/Able to relocate to Amsterdam Bonus Points for: Experience with Apple Approval & Distribution Process, Ad Hoc & Enterprise Distribution SQL knowledge and/or willingness to learn An approved store App Experience working with A/B testing You are passionate about open source and contribute You’re not afraid to solve deep technical challenges of a whole new level at a huge scale You have an intrinsic curiosity in technological innovations and you are always on top of the -latest trends You are you, We are Booking! (About us): Booking.com is the world’s leading online hotel and accommodation reservations company Our aim is to help all business and leisure travellers, whatever their budget, to easily discover, book, and enjoy the world’s best places to stay We are a rapidly growing global company with an informative atmosphere headquartered in the beautiful city of Amsterdam Our team consists of highly skilled individuals all working together to make our website the most user-friendly way to book accommodations in every corner of the world, 24/7 accessible, on all devices. Join us on our daily challenging mission to provide worldwide users with the best approachable data-driven product by maintaining the wow-factor For more inspiration, take a look at our dev blog: http://blog.booking.com/ Interested? We offer a competitive salary plus bonus, with possibilities for further career opportunities within our fast growing company. This position is open to worldwide candidates and in the case of relocation we will assist you with a relocation package ensuring a smooth transition to working and living in the Netherlands., :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills play, objective-c, sql
Team Lead Development, :description Booking.com is world’s largest online hotel reservation company. We have over 340,000 properties listed on our website and do transactions spanning half a million room nights every day. We are part of Priceline group of companies and have presence in over 110+ cities worldwide. At Booking.com we work in small (4-5 people) agile teams. Each team owns a part of our product and works on it independently. Due to our company’s phenomenal success and the incumbent growth, we are now hiring Team Leads to join our development team in the heart of Amsterdam. As a Team Lead you should be able to: Write code and play an active role in developing new features for a high performance, scalable web platform. Work with the team and the product owner to define a prioritized backlog of stories that the team will tackle during a given sprint. Monitor team’s progress and take ownership of removing any impediments that slow the team down. Mentor people on the team and help them improve their game. Assess and communicate how your work impacts business and other systems. You should apply if : You are a technically strong candidate with a minimum of 5 years experience of working on a large web product. You have a sound understanding of programming fundamentals and know how they apply to highly scalable web based systems. You are comfortable making hands-on contributions, i.e. write code that is deployed to production servers. You have led a small team before and like working with people. You have a pragmatic outlook and excellent communication skills. We primarily use Perl for development. It’s ok if you haven’t used Perl before – as long as you are willing to learn it. We use MySQL with Memcache and Redis where necessary. We use Git for source control and our deployments are also closely tied to it. Experience with an e-commerce product is desirable but not mandatory. We offer a competitive salary, a comprehensive relocation package, a wonderful, diverse, work environment in the heart of Amsterdam and a chance to work on a fast-growing, successful product that touches millions of users every day. To make the most out of your CV application and your interview, check out our blog on http://blog.booking.com/booking-com-developer-hiring-process.html., :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills agile, scala, mysql, play, memcache, perl, html, sql
Perl Developer, :description We run one of the world's largest Perl-powered websites. Whether it is hardening Perl's hash function or developing efficient serialization libraries, we solve serious problems using Perl. With over half a million room nights reserved on Booking.com daily, we are seeking Perl developers driven by challenges of scalability and rapid, customer-focused development. Our development strategy is agile and based on Scrum. We do several rollouts every day. We are data-driven and do extensive A/B testing. Everything we do is aimed at solving problems for our customers. If it doesn't help our customers, we're not interested in doing it. As a Perl Developer, you are responsible for the development, performance, and scaling of our public website as well as internal systems, which includes using: Perl (5.14), DBI, Mason, Moose, Sereal, Plack, nginx, Javascript, MySQL, Memcached, Redis, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, git, and CentOS Linux. You will work independently and will also be responsible for making technical decisions within a team. Software developers work from our headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We are inviting CVs from candidates worldwide. Even without Perl experience, your colleagues will help you get up to speed in order to be able to start solving real problems from day one. Are you ready to join an international, result-driven, fun, and dynamic environment? Your Role at Booking.com Rapidly develop next-generation scalable, flexible, and high-performance systems Explain current systems, coach and train new developers -- Solve issues with the site and internal systems, prioritizing based on customer impact Act as an intermediary for problems, with both technical and non-technical audiences Collaborate with Team Leaders and Product Owners to prioritize projects Your Skills and Experience Pragmatic and proactive attitude, with excellent verbal and written communication skills Four years experience with hands-on software development in Perl (object-oriented is a plus) Experience with HTTP and server-side technologies (web servers, database servers) Preferably university degree in Mathematics or Software Engineering Prepared to relocate to Amsterdam, the Netherlands Interested? We offer a competitive salary, plus bonuses, with possibilities for training and further career opportunities within our fast-growing company. This position is open to candidates worldwide. We will assist you with a relocation package, ensuring a smooth transition to working and living in the Netherlands. To make the most out of your CV application and your interview, check out our blog on http://blog.booking.com/booking-com-developer-hiring-process.html, :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills agile, scala, mysql, memcache, java, perl, software developer, hadoop, scrum, javascript, software engineer, html, sql
Experienced Software Developer - willing to learn Perl, :description At Booking.com we believe that a good developer is a good developer no matter what technology is involved. We run one of the world's largest Perl websites, but we do not require Perl experience to apply – only a willingness to learn, superior software craftsmanship, and commercial focus. With over half a million room nights reserved on Booking.com daily, we are seeking developers driven by challenges of scalability and rapid, customer-focused development. Our development strategy is agile and based on Scrum. We do several rollouts every day. We are data-driven and do extensive A/B testing. Everything we do is aimed at solving problems for our customers. If it doesn't help our customers, we're not interested in doing it. As a Software Developer, you are responsible for the development, performance, and scaling of our public website as well as internal systems, which includes using: Perl, Javascript, nginx, Plack, MySQL, Memcached, Redis, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, git, and CentOS Linux. You will work both independently and also be part of a team. You will work independently and will also be responsible for making technical decisions within a team. Software developers work from our headquarters in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We are inviting CVs from candidates worldwide. Even without Perl experience, your colleagues will help you get up to speed in order to be able to start solving real problems from day one. Are you ready to join an international, result-driven, fun, and dynamic environment? Your Role at Booking.com Rapidly develop next-generation scalable, flexible, and high-performance systems Explain current systems, coach and train new developers Solve issues with the site and internal systems, prioritizing based on customer impact Act as an intermediary for problems, with both technical and non-technical audiences Collaborate with Team Leaders and Product Owners to prioritize projects. Your Skills and Experience Pragmatic and proactive attitude, with excellent verbal and written communication skills 4 years experience with hands-on software development (object-oriented is a plus) Experience with HTTP and server-side technologies (web servers, database servers) Preferably university degree in Mathematics or Software Engineering Prepared to relocate to Amsterdam, the Netherlands Interested? We offer a competitive salary, plus bonuses, with possibilities for training and further career opportunities within our fast-growing company. This position is open to candidates worldwide. We will assist you with a relocation package, ensuring a smooth transition to working and living in the Netherlands. To make the most out of your CV application and your interview, check out our blog on http://blog.booking.com/booking-com-developer-hiring-process.html, :location Amsterdam, the Netherlands, :employer Booking.com, :skills agile, scala, mysql, memcache, java, perl, software developer, hadoop, scrum, javascript, software engineer, html, sql
Developer (Ruby on Rails), :description Ruby on Rails developer needed at early-stage, well-funded server monitoring company! Mostro aims to build an innovative and powerful solution for server monitoring. We are two young entrepreneurs who previously sold a successful web-hosting company in France. During this experience, we realized there was a need to rethink the way we monitor servers. We both have a strong technical background and a deep knowledge of infrastructures, having managed 1000+ bare-metal servers. We’re still in the early stage of our development, and are assembling the team that will build a product according to our vision. We have an initial seed funding of $500k. Our office is in the brand new WeWork Park South location, near Madison Square, in NYC. You will be the second hire (2 founders, 1 lead dev + you), and will have an opportunity to be a decisive voice in the shaping of the company. We’re looking for a Ruby on Rails Developer. Under the Lead Developer responsibility: you’ll be one of the main contributors to the codebase you’ll work with the CTO and Lead Developer to keep the code scalable and evolutive you’ll always have a voice in the project, no matter your experience, we want ideas coming from everyone in the team! Bonus skills: you have some front-end experience (CSS, JS, CoffeeScript...) you have worked on scaling and optimizing an application for heavy load you have used sysop and server-side monitoring tools (Nagios…) We’re open to people with little or no experience, and we’ll be happy to offer you an opportunity to grow with us. Please point us to some code you’re proud of (GitHub repo, etc.) and describe the idea and process behind it. About Mostro Inc We offer competitive salary, stocks, and great benefits. As the second employee of the company, it will give you a preponderant role in the evolution of the project. Don’t miss this opportunity and come build this business with us! We’re waiting for your email at jobs+dev@mostro.com, :location New York, :employer Mostro, :skills scala, js, ruby on rails, ruby
Senior Front End Developer, :description Conferize is disrupting the global events industry. It’s a market pretty much the size of auto manufacturing and it hasn’t changed for decades. Yet, it’s still where the brightest minds and the best ideas or our time take center stage. Conferize is now unleashing this potential on a massive global scale with a platform like no other. As our new Senior Front End Developer you will be heading up the implementation and development of the next generation of Conferize, that has a cutting edge new design. We're improving every inch of our platform to provide a much more accessible, fluid and rich user experience on all digital platforms. Our new design is provided by some of the best designers in the industry, and you'll will be working closely with a dedicated team of world class developers to make everything come together. Forbes already believe we're better than LinkedIn and Twitter, but we know there's a lot more in store and we need your help to get us to the next level. Required skills: Strong JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 experience. Good experience with Sass + CoffeeScript and Git. Experience with jQuery / Angular / RequireJS or similar. Excellent written and verbal communication skills (English). Experience with responsive design. You should be team-oriented and pragmatic, yet have an eye for detail and be passionate about your work. The ideal candidate also has: Basic knowledge of Ruby. Knowledge of JavaScript testing frameworks. NoSQL experience. Conferize is founded by highly successful serial entrepreneurs and backed by great investors. We’re based in Copenhagen, San Francisco and London. The work place is in Copenhagen with flexible hours. We’re super ambitious yet very nice to be around :) We will give you everything you need to do your absolute best, fun, and most interesting work ever. We're a very international team and try hard to cultivate a multicultural environment where your work, socializing, and personal development goes hand in hand. To the right candidate we offer a competitive salary with optional participation in the company's warrant program, as well as a very slim chance to beat the founders in foosball. We can work with freelancers as long as you're ready to be part of the team and share our product vision., :location Copenhagen, :employer Conferize, :skills html5, js, nosql, java, s3, ruby, angular, javascript, html, sql, jquery